Aussie Battler Party
The Aussie Battler Party is a political party in Victoria, Australia. Formed in October 2018 to contest the 2018 state election, it seeks to "represent all of those who are fed up with so much wasting of taxpayers money and time by too many politicians who have forgotten what it is like to live in mainstream society"(sic).
It will field candidates for each of the eight regions of the Legislative Council.
Some of the party's policies include:
One of their candidates is Walter Mikac who was one of the driving forces behind Australia's tougher gun laws, but the party has done a number of preference deals with parties that are supported by the gun lobby.
It has been accused of participating in preference harvesting deals organised by "preference whisperer" Glenn Druery.

Bradley J. Fischer
Bradley J. Fischer (born September 8, 1976) is an American film producer and co-president of Phoenix Pictures.
Fischer was born and raised in New York City, where he graduated from Columbia University with a B.A. in film studies in 1998. After graduating, Fischer began working for Phoenix Pictures, eventually becoming the co-president of production in 2007. He has produced over seven films with the company, including "Zodiac" (2007) and "Shutter Island" (2010), and executive-produced "Black Swan" (2010). In 2011, Fischer formed his own production company, Mythology Entertainment.
In 2013, he co-produced the action-thriller "White House Down". In 2018, Fischer co-produced three films: the horror films "Slender Man" and "Suspiria", and the fantasy-horror film "The House with a Clock in Its Walls".

Barrie Hillier
Barry Guy Hillier (8 April 1936 — 10 December 2016) was an English footballer who played as a left-back.
In 1953, Hillier signed for Southampton, initially playing in the reserves. During Hillier's time in the reserves at the club, he was called up for National Service. Being stationed in Rhyl, Hillier played amateur football for Chester. On 14 September 1957, following his return to Southampton, Hillier made his debut for the club in a 5–0 win against Queens Park Rangers. In 1959, Hillier was released by Southampton, subsequently joining Southern League club Poole Town, managed by ex-Southampton full-back Mike Keeping.
Following a spell at Poole, Hillier played for Dorchester Town and Andover.
Hiller's father, Joe, was a Welsh goalkeeper who played for Cardiff City and Middlesbrough.

Christophe Bernard
Christophe Bernard (born 1982) is a Canadian writer from Quebec. He is most noted for his novel "La bête creuse", which was a shortlisted finalist for the Governor General's Award for French-language fiction at the 2018 Governor General's Awards.
In addition to his writing, he works as a translator for the publishing house Le Quartanier. At the 2016 Governor General's Awards, he was shortlisted for the Governor General's Award for English to French translation for his translation of Yann Martel's novel "The High Mountains of Portugal".
Born in Maria, Quebec and raised in Rimouski, he currently lives in Vermont.

Plamen Stoyanov
Plamen Stoyanov Kolev (born 8 November 1971) is a Bulgarian former cyclist.

Domenico Frare
Domenico Frare (born 10 May 1996) is an Italian football player. He plays for Cittadella.
After representing Parma teams on junior levels, he signed with Serie C club Tuttocuoio for his first professional contract before the 2015–16 season. He made his Serie C debut for Tuttocuoio on 17 January 2016 in a game against Rimini as a starter.
On 1 June 2017 he moved to another Serie C team Pontedera on a three-year contract.
On 4 July 2018 he signed with Serie B club Cittadella for an undisclosed fee.

National Hotel (Washington, D.C.)
The National Hotel was a hotel in Washington, D.C. It was located on the northeastern corner of the intersection of Pennsylvania Avenue and 6th Street. John Gadsby had it built in 1826. The hotel was sold to the city in 1929, and it was demolished in 1942.
In 1857, there was an outbreak of a mysterious illness at the Hotel.
During the Civil War, Confederate sympathizers met there.

Panicum simile
Panicum simile, known by the common name two colour panic, is a species of grass found in eastern Australia. It was described by Karel Domin in 1915.

Julia Duncan Brown Asplund
Julia Duncan Brown Asplund (1875-1958) was the first librarian for the University of New Mexico and the first woman to serve on the University of New Mexico Board of Regents.
Asplund née Brown was born on October 6, 1875 in Palmyra, Missouri. 
In 1903 she went to Albuquerque to organize the Territorial University's library. In 1905 she married fellow faculty member Rupert Asplund, with whom she had one child. The family moved to Santa Fe in 1909. Around that time Asplund turned her attention towards establishing a system of free traveling libraries in New Mexico. In 1911 she joined the New Mexico Federation of Women’s Clubs (NMFWC) and served on the library extension committee almost continually through 1929. 
Asplund was the first librarian for the University of New Mexico. Asplund was the first woman regent of the University of New Mexico serving from 1921 to 1923 and she the commission chairman on the New Mexico State Library Commission from 1941 through 1954. 
She was a member and served on numerous civic organizations and social clubs including the New Mexico Commission on Welfare of Women and Children, Commissioner of Management Santa Fe Public Library, the Santa Fe Woman's Club, and the Daughters of the American Revolution. 
The 1914 edition of "Woman's Who's who of America" stated that Asplund "Favors woman suffrage sic".
Asplund died on July 26, 1958 in Pasadena, California.

Mae Young Classic winners
<noinclude>

Sonny's Story
Sonny's Story is an album by blues musician Sonny Terry recorded in 1960 and released on the Bluesville label.
AllMusic reviewer Thom Owens stated: ""Sonny's Story" is an excellent showcase for Sonny Terry's talents, which sometimes went unheralded because they largely were showcased in the shadow of Brownie McGhee ... "Sonny's Story" is positively infectious. It's hard not to get caught up in Terry's shouts and boogies, and that's one major reason why this is among his best solo recordings".
All compositions by Sonny Terry

Macrotoma fisheri
Macrotoma serripes is a species of beetle belonging to the family Cerambycidae. The species is a delicacy in Thailand.

FC Köniz
FC Köniz are a football team from Köniz, Switzerland, is currently playing in the Swiss Promotion League. The club was founded in 1933, with the recorded founding being 1 July 1933, and after originally playing in the lower tiers of Swiss football, were promoted to the Promotion League in 2013.

Olivier Sylvestre
Olivier Sylvestre was born at Laval, Quebec en 1982. He is a Canadian writer from Quebec. He is most noted for his first theatrical play "La beauté du monde", which won the Prix Gratien-Gélinas and was a shortlisted finalist for the Governor General's Award for French-language drama at the 2015 Governor General's Awards, and his short story collection "Noms fictifs", which was a shortlisted finalist for the Governor General's Award for French-language fiction at the 2018 Governor General's Awards.
Author and translator, Sylvestre holds a Bachelor’s degree in Criminology and a Diploma in Playwriting from the National Theatre School of Canada 2011. He was translated into English by Leanna Brodie. His monologue "Le désert" was premiered in January 2018 at Théâtre Prospero in a production by "Le Dôme – creations théâtrales", a company Sylvestre co-leads. His play "La loi de la gravité", Éditions Passages(s), has won numerous awards in Europe and was translated into English by Bobby Theodore. He has translated several plays by Canadian playwrights.
His other plays have included "Guide d’éducation sexuelle pour le nouveau millénaire", as well as French translations of Jesse Stong's "You Can Do Whatever You Want" and Waawaate Fobister's "Agokwe".
His play "La loi de la gravité" was translated into German "Das Gesetz der Schwerkraft" by Sonja Finck (Gatineau) and performed at the "Theaterfestival Primeur" in Saarbrücken in 2016.

On the Spot (film)
On the Spot is a 1940 American comedy film directed by Howard Bretherton and written by George Waggner and Dorothy Davenport. The film stars Frankie Darro, Mary Kornman, Mantan Moreland, John St. Polis, Robert Warwick and Maxine Leslie. The film was released on June 11, 1940, by Monogram Pictures.

Simone Branca
Simone Branca (born 25 March 1992) is an Italian football player. He plays for Cittadella.
He is the product of Novara youth teams. He made a couple of bench appearances for Novara's senior squad in 2011–12 Serie A, but did not see any field time.
Before the 2012–13 season he joined Serie C club Südtirol on loan. He made his Serie C debut for Südtirol on 2 September 2012 in a game against AlbinoLeffe as a starter. Before the next season, he dissolved his Novara contract by mutual consent and rejoined Südtirol on a permanent basis.
On 30 June 2015 Branca signed a three-year contract with another Serie C club Alessandria.
On 26 January 2018, he moved to Denmark, signing with Vejle in the second-tier Danish 1st Division. He reunited with the Italian manager Adolfo Sormani, who previously coached Branca at Südtirol. He became the first Italian to play for Vejle. He contributed to Vejle getting promotion back to Danish Superliga.
On 6 July 2018, he returned to Italy, signing with Serie B club Cittadella.

Oxalis exilis
Oxalis exilis is a small herbaceous plant found in Australia and New Zealand.
It is mainly found in hillsides, grassy areas and is the smallest plant in comparison to other organisms in New Zealand. The colors of the plant range from green, green to flushed purple and purple, with the capsule and style length varying from 4-6.5 mm.

Valeska Soares
Valeska Soares (born in 1957 in Belo Horizonte, MG) is a Brooklyn-based Brazilian sculptor and installation artist.
Her sculptures and installations utilize a wide range of materials—including reflective mirrors, antique books and furniture, chiseled marble, bottles of perfume—and draw on both her training in architecture and the tools of minimalism and conceptualism. 
Valeska Soares received a Bachelor of Architecture from the Universidade Santa Úrsula, Rio de Janeiro, in 1987. In 1990, she completed a graduate certificate in the History of Art and Architecture from the Pontifícia Universidade Católica of Rio de Janeiro. 
She presented her first solo exhibition in 1991 at Rio's Espaço Cultural Sérgio Porto. That same year she was awarded a fellowship from Coordenação de Aperfeiçoamento de Pessoal de Nível Superior (CAPES) to obtain an MFA from Pratt Institute. In 1994, after completing her MFA, she became a Doctor of Arts Candidate at the New York University School of Education and had her first New York solo exhibition at the Information Gallery.
In 2003 she had her first survey exhibition, "Valeska Soares: Follies", which was presented by the Bronx Museum of the Arts and traveled to the Museo de Arte Contemporâneo in Monterrey in Mexico.
Soares’ work has been included in numerous international exhibitions, including the Venice Biennale of 2011 and 2005; the São Paulo Biennial of 2009, 1998, and 1994; the Sharjah Biennial in 2009; the Taipei Biennal in 2006; the Liverpool Biennial in 2004; and the Havana Biennial in 1991. 
Soares' education in architecture solidified her interest in site specificity and artworks that consider their spacial context. Her work often explores the point of transition from one physical or psychological state to another.
Soares's sculptures and installations repeatedly contrast slick, reflective materials such as stainless steel and mirrors, with more ephemeral ones, like roses and lilies, revealing her interest in matters of subjectivity, perception, reflection, and distortion. These mirrored surfaces are used as a way to engage the viewers, who transition from passive spectator to active participant. She also uses numerous other sensory techniques, like sound, and smell, to create new environments and experiences for viewers.
Recurring themes in Soares' work are interpersonal relationships, glossaries, labyrinths, and gardens, elements through which the artist alludes to mythology, literature, and to art history itself. 
Soares work is included in the collections of museums and cultural institutions in Brazil, Spain, Switzerland, England, Mexico and USA:

Sant'Antonio da Padova, Santa Croce di Magliano
Sant'Antonio da Padova is an Roman Catholic church in the hill-town of Santa Croce di Magliano, in the Province of Campobasso, region of Molise, Italy.
The church was first erected in 1632 and dedicated to St Anthony of Padua. The endowment for its construction was afforded by Don Pietro Giovanni Ceva Grimaldi, Brother of the Duke of Telese, and Baron of Santa Croce. After the earthquake of 1732, the church was rebuilt and enlarged. It had a single nave until 1850, when an additional nave was added on the left side. The church was restored in the 1990s. It putatively contains relics of San Flaviano.

San Giacomo, Santa Croce di Magliano
San Giacomo is an Roman Catholic church located on Corso Umberto I in the hill-town of Santa Croce di Magliano, in the Province of Campobasso, region of Molise, Italy.
Construction of the church began in 1727 and it was dedicated to St James, likely St James the Greater, often invoked in regions threatened by Saracen raiders. In 1742, a cemetery was moved here from a site near an old church called the Cappelluccia. This cemetery was used after the plague of Cholera in 1837. The bell-tower was completed in 1875. The church structure was refurbished in the 1990s. Inside are processional statues of St James and of the Virgin Addolorata with Dead Christ. The 2002 earthquake toppled the spire of the bell-tower and caused significant structural damage.

Amar Kaushik
Amar Kaushik is an Indian director and actor best known for directing the 2018 film "Stree". 
Amar Kaushik was born on 4 August 1983 in Uttar Pradesh. He grew up in Medo, Arunachal Pradesh where his father was a forest ranger who worked for the Indian Forest Service and his mother Shashi was a school teacher. When he was 10 years old, he shifted to Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh. He later studied mass communications in Delhi and shifted to Mumbai in 2006. In 2009, Kaushik was attacked on a bus by Shiv Sena members who mistakenly believed he was director Anurag Kashyap. Shiv Sena leader Raj Thackeray had criticised Kashyap for calling his film "Bombay Velvet" and had unsuccessfully demanded that he change the name to "Mumbai Velvet".
Kaushik began his film career in 2008, working as Raj Kumar Gupta's assistant director on "Aamir". He teamed up with Gupta again to serve as associate director for "No One Killed Jessica" and "Ghanchakkar". In addition to crew duties, Kaushik had small acting roles in each of the three films. After working as an associate director on the Onir films "Sorry Bhai!", "I Am" and "Shab", Kaushik ventured into solo directing with his short film "Aaaba". The script was written by Kauhsik and based on a story by his mother. It was funded with loans from his friends, including Raj Kumar Gupta. Shot entirely in Ziro, Arunachal Pradesh, "Aaba" was screened at the Toronto International Film Festival and won the Special Jury Prize for Best Short Film at the 2017 Berlin International Film Festival. "Aaba"'s screenplay also won an Honorable Jury Mention at the Dada Saheb Phalke Film Festival and the film was awarded the Best Short Film award at the New York Indian Film Festival.
Kaushik began shooting his feature film "Stree" in January 2018. Starring Rajkummar Rao and Shraddha Kapoor, the horror film released on 31 August 2018. "Stree" became a surprise hit, earning 125.57 crore by 1 October. Kaushik's upcoming projects include an untitled film on the subject of surrogacy and the sequel to "Stree", "Stree 2".

KSOC (FM)
KSOC (94.5 FM; "La Raza 94.5") is a terrestrial American radio station, licensed to Tipton, Oklahoma, United States, and is owned by the North Texas Radio Group, L.P..

Sactuary of Isis and Magna Mater
The Sactuary of Isis and Magna Mater was a sanctuary in Mainz, dedicated to Isis and Magna Mater. 
The temple was founded during the ist century and active until at least the 3rd century. Since 1999, substantial excavations has been made on the site. 

Wanda Franz
Wanda Franz is a West Virginian anti-abortion lobbyist and activist.
She is a President for the National Right to Life Committee and president of West Virginians for Life, the largest "pro-life" group in West Virginia, first getting the position in 1993 and again in 2018. She is working towards the creation of an amendment that specifies that "nothing in this United States' Constitution secures or protects a right to abortion."

List of mayors of Livorno
The Mayor of Livorno is an elected politician who, along with the Livorno's City Council, is accountable for the strategic government of Livorno in Tuscany, Italy. The current Mayor is Filippo Nogarin, a member of the Five Star Movement, who took office on 11 June 2014.
According to the Italian Constitution, the Mayor of Livorno is member of the City Council.
The Mayor is elected by the population of Livorno, who also elect the members of the City Council, controlling the Mayor's policy guidelines and is able to enforce his resignation by a motion of no confidence. The Mayor is entitled to appoint and release the members of his government.
Since 1995 the Mayor is elected directly by Livorno's electorate: in all mayoral elections in Italy in cities with a population higher than 15,000 the voters express a direct choice for the mayor or an indirect choice voting for the party of the candidate's coalition. If no candidate receives at least 50% of votes, the top two candidates go to a second round after two weeks. The election of the City Council is based on a direct choice for the candidate with a preference vote: the candidate with the majority of the preferences is elected. The number of the seats for each party is determined proportionally.
In 1865, the Kingdom of Italy created the office of Mayor of Livorno ("Sindaco di Livorno"), appointed by the King himself. From 1890 to 1926 the Mayor was elected by the City council. In 1926, the Fascist dictatorship abolished mayors and City councils, replacing them with an authoritarian "Podestà" chosen by the National Fascist Party. The office of Mayor was restored in 1944 during the Allied occupation.
From 1946 to 1995, the Mayor of Livorno was elected by the City's Council.
Since 1995, under provisions of new local administration law, the Mayor of Livorno is chosen by popular election.

Ywangan crocodile newt
The Ywangan crocodile newt ("Tylotriton ngarsuensis") is a species of newt in the family Salamandridae that is endemic to Myanmar. It is only known from Ngar Su village, which is located in the vicinity of Ywangan Township. 
It can be physically differentiated from other crocodile newts by its shorter head, larger size, rib module morphology, and its very drab, dark coloration. It also breeds later in the year. 
Like many other Asian newts, "T. ngarsuensis" is heavily threatened by harvesting for the pet and medical trade, which will be especially detrimental due to its restricted distribution.

Kuksaroy Presidential Palace
Kuksaroy Presidential Palace (, ) meaning the Blue Palace in English is currently the official workplace of the President of Uzbekistan, located in next to Oqsaroy in the capital city of Tashkent. Under former president Islam Karimov, who served from 1991-2016, the palace was used as his suburban mansion, with Oqsaroy acting as the seat of the executive branch in the country. This changed between 2016-2017 when newly elected president Mirziyoyev relocated the residence to Kuksaroy's current location.

Donna Zuckerberg
Donna Zuckerberg is an American classicist, editor-in-chief of an online journal and author of the book "Not All Dead White Men" (2018) on the appropriation of classics by misogynist groups on the Internet.
Zuckerberg earned her PhD in classics at Princeton University in 2014, specializing in the study of ancient tragedy. The title of her doctoral thesis was "The Oversubtle Maxim Chasers: Aristophanes, Euripides, and their Reciprocal Pursuit of Poetic Identity." Her doctoral adviser was Professor :Andrew Ford.
The classicist Natalie Haynes notes that Zuckerberg 'is a classicist with a strong Internet pedigree'. Zuckerberg is the founder and editor-in-chief of the online journal "Eidolon", which publishes texts about classics that are not formal scholarship. Its authors are well-established classicists as well as new experts in the field. Aside from "Eidolon", Zuckerberg's work has been published in numerous popular publications, including the "Times Literary Supplement", "Jezebel", "The Establishment", and "Avidly".
In addition to the journal "Eidolon", Zuckerberg writes for mainstream publications about the use of the classics by the alt-right movement. In a 2018 op-ed in the "Washington Post", she argues that the sexism and racism found in classic texts should be studied and discussed rather than ignored or, as right-wing ideologues are doing, celebrated. Natalie Haynes agrees with Zuckerberg's ideological stance, arguing that "ignoring these people is no longer the answer".
Zuckerberg's first monograph "Not All Dead White Men: Classics and Misogyny in the Digital Age" was published by Harvard University Press in October, 2018. It has been described as 'one of the first books to examine the online formation known as the Red Pill...also known as the manosphere'. The 'manosphere' includes numerous factions such as men's rights activists, pickup artists, and Men Going Their Own Way. The groups are united by the understanding that they are disadvantaged by contemporary society which operates in favour of women. Zuckerberg's book is a reception study; it describes how the Red Pill movement online finds support for its sexist ideology in texts from ancient Greece and Rome, tracing the phenomenon back to its origins and describing its misappropriation of Ovid, Euripides, Xenophon's Oeconomicus and Marcus Aurelius' Meditations. The book touches on the links between the community and the white supremacy movement.
The 'Red Pill' is a cultural reference to the film "The Matrix" (1999), where Morpheus (Laurence Fishburne) offers Neo (Keanu Reeves) the choice of the blue or red pill, giving blissful ignorance or gritty, painful truth respectively. Zuckerberg argues that 'the red pill metaphor really encapsulates for them alt-right groups the fact that they really see their misogyny and racism as a form of enlightenment'. These men are able to see the world more clearly than the rest of us; they can discern that white, heterosexual men are discriminated against in our society.
Zuckerberg's book also explores the popularity of stoicism within the manosphere. It describes how Red Pill men use stoicism to support their belief in a dichotomy between the rational nature of males and the emotional nature of women. Zuckerberg argues that the point of the Red Pill discourse "is not for everything to hang together logically and to be totally immune to criticism. The point is to make people feel something—to make their audience feel validated and justified and scared and angry—and get any reaction out of them" . Zuckerberg takes a feminist approach to classical antiquity, arguing that the ancient world was deeply misogynistic: 'it was a time when there was no word for rape, feminism did not exist and women's actions were determined by male relatives'. Alt-right groups are using classical texts, distorted and stripped of context, to add weight and authority to campaigns of misogyny and white supremacy.
Zuckerberg's interest in the topic began in 2015 when she realized an article about Ovid in "Eidolon" saw heavy traffic from the Red Pill community on Reddit. In the same period, she read an interview with Neil Strauss, who mentioned seduction advice by Ovid. That research interest became a magazine article, then a book.
The final draft of her book was submitted days before the 2016 United States elections. It then became relevant outside academia, as the grievances of many of the groups she studied entered the political mainstream at the highest level. Zuckerberg says that while her book was in production, the Red Pill movement started to focus more on policing women's reproductive rights, away from the more traditional "men's rights" issues such as child custody.
The book has been critically well received. Natalie Haynes reviewed it positively, concurring with Zuckerberg's conclusions. The classicist Emily Wilson deems it an "important and very timely book" in which Zuckerberg "makes a persuasive case for why we need a new, more critical, and less comfortable relationship between the ancient and modern worlds ". It has been described as 'a rare book from a university press that will probably be a crossover bestseller in non-academic markets'.
Zuckerberg has spoken out against social media, arguing that it has created a toxic culture and given men 'with anti-feminist ideas to broadcast their views to more people than ever before – and to spread conspiracy theories, lies and misinformation'. Zuckerberg understands that social media has elevated misogyny to 'entirely new levels of violence and virulence'.
Zuckerberg was the recipient of the 2017-18 Award for Special Service from the Classical Association of the Middle West and South.
Zuckerberg will speak at the Jaipur Literature Festival 2019 where she will be in conversation with biographer Patrick French and writer and editor Sharmila Sen.
Zuckerberg's parents, a dentist and a psychologist, lived in Dobbs Ferry, New York, when she was born in 1987, the third of four children. She says the family was tight-knit and the parents encouraged their children to develop whatever talents they had. All three of her siblings, Mark Zuckerberg, Randi Zuckerberg and Arielle Zuckerberg, work in the technology sector. Zuckerberg currently lives in Silicon Valley with her husband and her two children.
While she was doing her graduate studies, Zuckerberg wrote a food blog called "Sugar Mountain Treats".

XHIKE-FM
XHIKE-FM is a community radio station on 89.1 FM in Salina Cruz, Oaxaca. It is known as Radio Activa and owned by the civil association Ike Siidi Viaa, A.C.
XHIKE is the oldest of the three licensed community radio stations in the Istmo Region. The award of its concession was approved on December 14, 2016. When its award was made public in early 2017, the name of the station was announced at the time as Radio IKE, later changing to Radio Activa.

Capitoline of Colonia Ulpia Traiana
The Capitoline of Colonia Ulpia Traiana was a sanctuary in Colonia Ulpia Traiana, capitol of the Roman province Germania inferior, and likely dedicated to the capitoline triad of Jupiter, Juno and Minerva. 
The temple was founded during the 2nd century and active until at least the 3rd century. 

Watts station
Watts station or Watt station may refer to:

Mieko Ouchi
Mieko Ouchi (born 1969) is a Canadian actress, director and playwright. She is most noted for her play "The Red Priest (Eight Ways to Say Goodbye)", which won the Carol Bolt Award and was shortlisted for the Governor General's Award for English-language drama at the 2004 Governor General's Awards.
A graduate of the theatre program at the University of Alberta, Ouchi is based in Edmonton, Alberta, where she is co-artistic director of the Concrete Theatre company. Her other plays have included "The Blue Light", "Nisei Blue", "The Silver Arrow: The Untold Story of Robin Hood", "Decisions, Decisions", "By This Parting", "The Old Man and the Buddha", "I Am For You" and "Consent". She has also been a stage and film director, including the short films "Shepherd's Pie and Sushi", "By This Parting" and "Samurai Swing". In 2001, she won an Elizabeth Sterling Haynes Award for directing a production of José Teodoro's "Slowly, An Exchange Is Taking Place". As an actress, in addition to numerous stage roles she starred in Anne Wheeler's film "The War Between Us" and had a recurring role in the television series "The Guard".

St Patrick's Roman Catholic Church Cemetery
St Patrick's Roman Catholic Church Cemetery is a heritage-listed cemetery at Queen Street, Singleton, Singleton Council, New South Wales, Australia. It was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
The cemetery, which adjoins St Patrick's Catholic Church, was first established in 1842. The first recorded burial was in 1844, and the cemetery was consecrated by Anglican Archbishop of Sydney Bede Polding in 1845.
A Wesleyan (Methodist) section was established in the 1860s. Two stone towers were added to the entry in 1920.
A columbarium was established early 1980s, with plaques dating from 1982.
The cemetery contains approximately 500 burials and 400 monuments. It continues to have Catholic and Methodist sections.
St Patrick's Roman Catholic Church Cemetery was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.

Ca' Dolfin Tiepolos
The Ca' Dolfin Tiepolos are a series of 10 oil paintings made c.1726-1729 by Giovanni Battista Tiepolo for the main reception room or "salone" of the , the palazzo of the patrician Dolfin family (sometimes spelled Delfini, Delfino, or Delfin) in Venice. The paintings are theatrical depictions of events from the history of Ancient Rome, with a typically Venetian emphasis on drama and impact rather than historical accuracy. They were painted on shaped canvases and set into the architecture with frescoed surrounds. 
"The Tarantine Triumph" was the first work completed, depicting the triumph awarded to Manius Curius Dentatus after defeating Pyrrhus of Epirus in the Battle of Beneventum, the last battle of the Pyrrhic War in 275 BC, at which captured elephants were first seen in Rome. "The Triumph of Marius" was the last completed, depicting the triumph awarded to Gaius Marius after defeating Jugurtha of Numidia in the Jugurthine War: it is dated 1729, and includes a self-portrait of Tiepolo on the left. The differences in style and composition between the works demonstrate Tiepolio's rapid development as a painter.
The series was quickly recognised as a masterpiece, and its success drove forward Tiepolo's career. He decorated buildings across Venice and the Veneto in the following decades. The paintings remained in Venice until sold in 1872, and are now held in three museums, with two held by the Kunsthistorisches Museum in Vienna, three by the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, and five by the Hermitage Museum in St Petersburg.
Tiepolo was born in 1696. While still a young man in his 20s, he was commissioned by , the Patriarch of Aquileia, to decorate the Cappella del Santissimo Sacramento in Udine Cathedral (completed 1726) and then to paint a two cycles of Old Testament paintings for the (or "arcivescovado") in Udine (completed 1726–1728), including and . The paintings from the Patriarchal Palace are now displayed in Udine's .
Still only in his early 30s, Tiepolo was then commissioned by Dionisio's brother to paint a series of ten painting depicting scenes from Ancient Rome for a large reception room on the piano nobile at the family's house in Venice, the Palazzo Ca' Dolfin, on the north side of the just off the Grand Canal. The building had been constructed by the Secco family, and acquired by Cardinal Giovanni Dolfin in 1621. Before Tiepolo began work, the room had already been partially decorated with trompe-l'œil wall paintings by Antonio Felice Ferrari c.1708 and ceiling frescos by Niccolò Bambini c.1714. Gaps in the walls had been left, filled with blank canvases to be painted in oils later: the combination of fresco and oil painting is unusual, but allows artists to switch between mediums according to the season.
The paintings are reconstructions of historical scenes from Ancient Rome. In several cases, the identification of the intended subjects are not certain, but they appear to be an account of the expansion of the Roman Empire, from the (possibly legendary) event when Scaevloa thrust his hand into the sacrificial fire before Lars Porsena c.509 BC and the deaths of Lucius Junius Brutus and Arruns Tarquinius (son of Tarquin the Proud) at the Battle of Silva Arsia in 509 BC, through the wars against the Latin tribes of Italy, including Gaius Marcius Coriolanus and Lucius Quinctius Cincinnatus fighting against the Volsci, Corioli and Aequi in the 5th and 4th centuries BC, the victory of Manius Curius Dentatus over Pyrrhus of Epirus near Taranto in 275 BC, the Second Punic War at the end of the 3rd century including Quintus Fabius Maximus, Hannibal, and the capture of Carthage, to the victory of Gaius Marius over the Cimbri at the Battle of Vercellae in 101 BC. It is possible that the victory of the Romans over Carthage was intended as an allegory for the victory of the Republic of Venice over the Ottoman Empire.
The irregular profiles of the canvases were determined by the architectural features into which they were inserted. The room in Venice has survived, with the recesses now filled with mirrors, so shape of the canvases allows a reconstruction of the original arrangement of the paintings in the room.
On the long walls to either side of the main door on the north side were two battle scenes, each measuring approximately , and usually identified as "The Capture of Carthage" and "The Battle of Vercellae" (both at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York). (Alternatively, they may represent battles of Coriolanus against the Volsci and Corioli.) The opposite long wall has five arched windows overlooking the canal to the south. Two narrower canvases, each approximately , were placed to either side of the central window, depicting "The Death of Lucius Junius Brutus and Arruns Tarquinius", and "Hannibal Contemplating the Head of Hasdrubal" (both at the Kunsthistorisches Museum in Vienna). 
There were three paintings on the shorter walls to either side, with one large central painting flanked by two smaller ones. The paintings on the west wall, lit from the windows to the south, were "The Triumph of Marius" (also in New York) flanked by "Quintus Fabius Maximus before the Roman Senate" and "Cincinnatus Offered the Dictatorship", and on the east wall opposite were "The Tarantine Triumph" flanked by " Mucius Scaevola before Porsenna" and "Veturia Pleading with Coriolanus" (all five at the Hermitage in St Petersburg). The tall central scenes measure approximately , and each of the four flaking scenes is approximately .
Apart from the two battle scenes, the other eight canvases had banderoles explaining the subject, with Latin text taken from the "Epitome of Roman History" ("Epitome de T. Livio Bellorum omnium annorum DCC Libri duo"), an early 2nd century commentary attributed to Lucius Annaeus Florus on the 1st century AD "History of Rome" of Livy. The banderoles were painted over after the paintings were removed, but some have been restored later. The shapes of the canvases were also altered when they were removed from their original location in 1872, with additional areas added to square them off, but those in New York and Vienna have been restored to their original shapes.
Tiepolo adopted a less retrained palette for these paintings than his earlier works, with elements of the Baroque or even the Rococo. 
The paintings were quickly recognised as a masterpiece, praised by Vincenzo da Canal in 1732 as among Teipolo's best, and by Jean-Honoré Fragonard in 1761 as among his most beautiful works in Venice. They remained in situ for over 200 years while the building was inherited by increasingly distant descendants of the Dolfin family, but the building was largely abandoned by 1870. The Palazzo Ca' Dolfin was acquired by the Ca' Foscari University of Venice in 1955, based at the Ca' Foscari nearby; restored, it is used as a guesthouse by the university, with the "salone" becoming the "Aula Magna", a great hall for events. 
To pay a tax bill, a family descendant sold the paintings in 1872 via the art dealer Moses Michelangelo Guggenheim to the Austrian collector Baron for 50,000 livres. The Baron had nowhere to display them: within a few years, he put them on sale again in Paris, and five were acquired by Alexander Polovtsov (sometimes spelled Polovzeff). In 1886, Polovtsov presented them to the Central School of Technical Drawing, which had been founded in St Petersburg by his father-in-law Alexander von Stieglitz. These five paintings have been held by the Hermitage Museum in St Petersburg since 1934.
The remaining five paintings were returned to Vienna and eventually displayed at the Baron's new Palais Miller von Aichholz. After the Baron's death in 1919, they were bought with the house by the Italian financier Camillo Castiglioni. After Castiglioni became bankrupt in 1924, two of the smaller paintings were sold to the Kunsthistorisches Museum in Vienna in 1930, and the three others were used as collateral for a loan from Dr Stefan Mendel, co-heir of the Austrian bakery business. They were stored in Zurich, and Mendel acquired them outright in 1935. He took them to New York when he emigrated, and they were kept in storage in Saranac Lake, New York for 30 years. After Mendel's death in 1965, they were sold by his estate to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York. 
After a gallery at the Metropolitan Museum had been extended to creates a suitable space to hang them, and considerable restoration work, most of the paintings were reunited in New York for an exhibition in 1997.

Kellock
Kellock is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

BMJ USA
BMJ USA: Primary Care Medicine for the American Physician was a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal published by the BMJ Group as a sister journal to "the BMJ". It was intended to publish material specifically relevant to readers in the United States. It was established in 2001 and was discontinued permanently in 2005.
"BMJ USA" was launched in February 2001 by the BMJ Group, in conjunction with the Clifton, New Jersey-based publishing company Clinicians Group. The founding editor-in-chief of the journal was Ronald Davis, who was also the North American editor for "the BMJ" at the time. Its original plan was to publish mostly articles from "the BMJ" that were particularly relevant to American primary care physicians, as well as similar articles from fellow BMJ Group journals such as "Heart" and "Gut". In an editorial in the inaugural issue, Davis and then-editor-in-chief of "the BMJ" Richard Smith wrote, "You will see very little etiologic or basic science research in "the BMJ" and "BMJ USA". You will, instead, find papers on the common diseases of primary care such as asthma, depression, and hypertension and diabetes."
Beginning when "BMJ USA" was first established, monthly issues were sent to 100,000 primary care doctors in the United States. The journal generally republished articles from "the BMJ" about two months after they were originally published. In addition to articles that had already been published in other BMJ Group journals, each issue contained an editorial by an American author, as well as a number of papers submitted specifically for publication in "BMJ USA". In 2002, it became available online. In September 2002, Steven Woolf (Virginia Commonwealth University) became the new editor-in-chief of the journal, remaining in this position until 1 July 2003, when he was replaced by former Assistant Surgeon General of the United States Douglas Kamerow. 
The 51st and final issue of the journal was published in December 2005. In an editorial announcing the ending of "BMJ USA", Kamerow and editor-in-chief of "the BMJ" Fiona Godlee stated that, despite its popularity, the journal "...has fallen victim to the widespread downturn in US pharmaceutical advertising and has become financially unsustainable for the BMJ Publishing Group." "BMJ USA" contained more advertisements than "the BMJ", and almost all of its subscriptions were "controlled", or paid for by pharmaceutical companies. After "BMJ USA" shuttered, Kamerow, who had been its editor-in-chief, transitioned to the role of "the BMJ"s US editor. In January 2006, "the BMJ" started "US Highlights", an online-only feature intended to emulate "BMJ USA" by compiling articles from "the BMJ" that were deemed especially relevant to an American audience.

Éhein
Éhein (en wallon "Éhin") is a former municipality in the province of Liège, Wallonia, Belgium.
As a result of the fusion of the Belgian municipalities in 1977, it was split in two: Éhein-Haut, the southern part, became part of Neupré, while Éhein-Bas, on the banks of the Meuse, was subsumed into Engis.
The rock has many caves, the best-known of which are the Lyell Cave and the Rosée Cave. Early explorations of the caves were done by Philippe-Charles Schmerling starting in 1829. Subsequent researchers, including Ernest Doudou, have proven that the area was inhabited since the Paleolithic.

Temple of Mercury (Puy de Dôme)
The Temple of Mercury was a Roman sanctuary in Puy de Dôme, dedicated to Mercury. It was a significant regional cult center. 
The temple was founded during the 1st century and active until at least the 3rd century. Since 1875, substantial excavations has been made on the site. 

List of Maryland gubernatorial elections
The following is a list of elections for the position of Governor of Maryland since the American Civil War.
Winners are in bold and incumbents are denoted by asterisks.
The 2014 Maryland gubernatorial election was held on November 4, 2014.
The 2010 Maryland gubernatorial election was held on November 2, 2010.

Ljubomir Micić
Ljubomir Micić (, 15 November 1895 – 14 June 1971) was a Serbian poet, writer, critic, actor. He was the founder of the avant-garde movement Zenitism and its magazine "Zenit".
He studied philosophy at University of Zagreb. 
He founded the review "Zenit", set up a Zenit Gallery and published his own writings and other authors under the Zenit imprint. Zenit was active from February 1921 until April 1924 in Zagreb, and afterwards in Belgrade from 1924 until December 1926 with a total of 43 editions. The first artist to collaborate with Micić and to contribute to Zenit's orientation towards Expressionism was Vilko Gecan. Micić's Zenitism was supported by a small number of younger Yugoslav artists. 
Micić worked on collecting and exhibiting avant-garde art in Zenit editorial offices in Zagreb and Belgrade, and he organized Zenit international exhibitions of new art in Belgrade in 1924.
Micić initially followed expressionistic ideas, which can be seen in the introductary text of the first Zenit, and in texts of authors including Miloš Crnjanski, Stanislav Vinaver, Rastko Petrović ande Dušan Matić. Beside Serbian authors, international authors contributed in more than five languages, including Esperanto. The magazine established ties with Futurists, including Filippo Tommaso Marinetti.
Joined by Ivan Galom and Boško Tokin, he published "Manifesto of Zenitism" in which they stated their ideas and ideology. Beside clear contradictions in their statements, Zenitists placed humans in the center of their attention and advocated antitraditionalism, antimilitarism and reaching out to new media and artistic forms such as radio, film and jazz.
After closing Zenit, he moved to Paris, where he lived from 1927-1936.
Inspired by the Russian avant-garde, Micić favoured the Constructivist view on creativity, denying inspiration as a term in favour of work, with a clear goal in mind. Shortly after abandoning expressionistic ideas, Micić coined the idea of "Barbarogenije", proposing balkanisation and barbarisation of Europe. His ideas in favour of primitive and folk art came after World War I and general disappointment in the culture of Western Europe. Micić considered the Balkans to be an unexplored area that could offer freshness and honesty.
His work was almost forgotten after World War II. After his death, a collection of art and documentation of his publishing activities were found in his apartment, thus stimulating fresh research into the history and aesthetics of Zenitism.

Water Witch (1835 steamer)
Water Witch (or Waterwitch) was an early British wood-hulled paddle steamer, built in 1835 at Harwich, England for steam packet services from Dover to London and to Boulogne. A successful fast ship, she was later operated on services on the South Coast of England and in the Bristol Channel
Water Witch was launched on 6 August 1835 by George Graham in the former Royal Naval Dockyard at Harwich, Essex, completed her final outfitting on the River Thames, and arrived at Dover on 24 September 1835. She initially measured 89 tons burthen and the hull was long, in beam and deep. She was engined with a 2-cylinder beam engine, made by Maudslay, Sons and Field at Lambeth, of 80 horse power and driving two side paddle wheels.
The steamer was owned by John Hayward of Dover and others, including her builder George Graham, and captained by William Hayward. The Haywards were the first private operator of steam vessels from Dover, beginning with "Sovereign" in 1822. Built specifically for the steam packet services from Dover to London and to Boulogne, she proved to be a fast vessel, beating both British Post Office packet steamers and French state vessels in speed trials.
Initially she was partnered on the London service by the steamer "Dover Castle" under Capt. Luckhurst, and on sailings to Boulogne by "Royal George" under Capt. Swaffer, but by 1837 was fully dedicated to the Boulogne route.
On 24 June 1843, with the South Eastern Railway Company's line from London having reached Folkestone, "Water Witch" was specially chartered from Capt. Hayward for a trial trip by its directors and engineer, together with their guests, of a steam ferry service from Folkestone Harbour (which the company had purchased) to Boulogne. The voyage was successful, and demonstrated that a day trip to France from London was possible. Although the subsequent public services were run by ships of the New Commercial Steam Packet Company, when that company withdrew its ships in February 1844, Haywards' "Water Witch" and "Royal George" were chartered to fill the gap for ten months.
In early 1845 Haywards sold "Water Witch" to the short-lived Poole, Isle of Purbeck, Isle of Wight and Portsmouth Steam Packet Company, and she was re-registered at Poole on 31 May 1845. She was put on a twice-weekly service between Poole and Portsmouth, with calls at Brownsea Island, South Haven, Yarmouth and Cowes. In addition to the packet service, she was used as a tug to assist larger vessels entering and leaving Poole. The opening of the Southampton and Dorchester Railway in 1847 had an adverse effect on demand from passengers and for freight and they consequently looked for alternative trades for "Water Witch", their only vessel; one possibility was a service between Poole and the Channel Islands. By mid-1848 other possibilities had not materialised and "Water Witch" was offered for sale, though a buyer was not found until the end of the year.
"Water Witch" began a new service for the Bideford-based North Devon Steam Packet Company in February 1849, connecting Bideford and Barnstaple with Bristol through separate weekly services to each Devon port; calls were also made at Ilfracombe and Lynmouth, and the sailings were timed to connect with the Liverpool steamers at Bristol. In September 1851, after a period offering free return passages to customers making their way to the Great Exhibition in London, the ship was advertised for sale by auction, and then again in December when her North Devon sailings had ended. She was next offered for sale in early 1853, still at Bideford, but with no indication that she had been active in 1852.
On 12 January 1857 "Water Witch", after extensive repairs and with new boilers, commenced a freight service between Gloucester and Bideford, via Swansea as well as offering towage services to Bristol Channel ports.

Lion Air Flight 610
Lion Air Flight 610 was a scheduled domestic flight operated by the Indonesian airline Lion Air from Soekarno–Hatta International Airport in Jakarta to Depati Amir Airport in Pangkal Pinang that crashed 13 minutes after takeoff on 29 October 2018. Wreckage from the Boeing 737 MAX 8 aircraft was found in the Java Sea, off the coast of Java. All 189 passengers and crew were killed in the accident. The aircraft had been in service for two months and flown 800 hours. 
This was the first major accident involving the 737 MAX and the deadliest involving a 737 aircraft. It is also the worst accident for Lion Air in its 18 years history, surpassing the previous crash in Surakarta that killed 25. 
A preliminary investigation revealed problems noticed by passengers and crew on the aircraft's previous flight, as well as signs of instrument failure on previous flights. As a result, Boeing issued a warning to all operators of the 737 MAX series to avoid causing an abrupt dive similar to the Lion Air flight.
The Indonesian government deployed a search and rescue operation which found debris early in the morning and they recovered human remains from a wide area. The first victim was identified two days after the crash. The flight data recorder was located on 1 November and recovered for analysis. One member of the volunteer rescue team died during recovery operations.
The aircraft involved was a Boeing 737 MAX 8, registration PK-LQP, line number 7058, powered by two CFM International LEAP engines. The aircraft was leased from CMIG Aviation Capital and delivered new to Lion Air on 13 August 2018. At the time of the accident, the aircraft had flown about 800 hours in service. This was the first accident involving a 737 MAX since the type's entry into service on 22 May 2017, and the deadliest accident involving a Boeing 737.
The aircraft took off from Jakarta on 29 October 2018 at 6:20 a.m. local time (28 October 2018, 11:20 p.m. UTC) and was scheduled to arrive at Depati Amir Airport in Pangkal Pinang at 7:20 a.m. It took off in a westward direction before circling around to a northeasterly heading, which it held until crashing offshore northeast of Jakarta in waters estimated to be up to deep. The flight crew had requested clearance to return to the Jakarta airport into the flight. The accident site was located off the coast of the island of Java.
Communication between air traffic control (ATC) and Flight 610 was abruptly lost at 06:33 a.m. ATC immediately informed authorities about the incident and the Indonesian National Search and Rescue Agency deployed three ships and a helicopter to the area. At 07:30 a.m., the agency received reports that Flight 610 had crashed a few kilometres from an offshore oil platform. Workers on the platform reportedly saw the aircraft crash with a steep nose-down angle. Boats from the platform were immediately deployed and debris from the crashed aircraft was found shortly after.
There were 189 people on board the aircraft: 181 passengers (178 adults, 1 child and 2 infants), as well as six cabin crew and two pilots. Officials confirmed that all 189 passengers and crew on board had been killed.
The flight's captain was an Indian national, who had flown with the airline for more than seven years and had logged about 6,000 hours of flight time; and the co-pilot was an Indonesian who had logged about 5,000 hours of flight time. The six flight attendants were also Indonesian.
Twenty Ministry of Finance employees, 10 Audit Board of Indonesia employees, two auditors from the , three Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources employees, three public attorneys, three Indonesian National Police officers, six Bangka Belitung Regional People's Representative Council members, and three judges of Indonesia's High Court and National Court, for a total of 38 civil servants, three police officers and 10 state officials, were among the passengers. There were two confirmed foreigners among those on board: the pilot from India and an Italian citizen, former professional cyclist Andrea Manfredi.
A search and rescue operation was launched by the Indonesian National Search and Rescue Agency (Basarnas), with assistance from the Indonesian Air Force the Indonesian Navy , and the Singaporean Navy. Basarnas dispatched about 150 people in boats and helicopters to the site of the accident. Civilian vessels also responded to the reports of a downed aircraft, and the crew of a tugboat reported to authorities in Tanjung Priok that they had witnessed an aircraft crash at 6:45 a.m. and located debris in the water at 7:15 a.m. The Indonesian Agency for Assessment and Application for Technology deployed the research ship "Baruna Jaya", which had been previously deployed during the search for Adam Air Flight 574 and Indonesia AirAsia Flight 8501.
A spokesperson for the agency confirmed to reporters that the aircraft had crashed, though as of about 9:00 a.m. a Tanjung Priok official said that no information had emerged about the condition of the people on board. Muhammad Syaugi, head of Basarnas, later confirmed that there had been casualties, without specifying a number. 
In response to the crash, the Indonesian Transportation Ministry set up crisis centres in Jakarta and Pangkal Pinang. Lion Air also offered free flights for the families of the victims to Jakarta. On 30 October, more than 90 relatives were flown to Jakarta for the identification of the victims. CEO of Lion Air Edward Sirait stated that accommodation had been provided for the relatives, and later added that relatives should go to Halim Perdanakusuma International Airport for further information. The Indonesian National Police announced that trauma healing team would be provided for the relatives of the victims.
Indonesia's People's Representative Council announced on 29 October that they would examine the Standard Operating Procedure of Lion Air and the airworthiness of the aircraft. They would also examine the health history of the crew of Flight 610. The Head of the People's Representative Council, Bambang Soesatyo, later asked the government to enforce stricter rules for the aviation industry and to audit every airliner in the country. On 1 November, Indonesian Minister of Transportation Budi Karya Sumadi announced that the government would evaluate every low-cost carrier in Indonesia.
As 20 of the passengers were employees of the Indonesian Ministry of Finance, Sri Mulyani, the Indonesian Finance Minister immediately visited the Indonesian Search and Rescue Agency's office in Jakarta, seeking coordination and further information. She later announced that every employee of her ministry should wear a black ribbon for a week to commemorate the victims. Posthumous awards would be given to the 20 victims and scholarship would be given to the victims' children.
Minister of Health Nila F Moeloek and Minister of Transportation Budi Karya Sumadi visited the relatives of the victims. Indonesian President Joko Widodo, who was attending a conference in Bali during the crash, visited the recovery efforts at the Port of Tanjung Priok the next day.
The Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade announced that its staff would be banned from flying on Lion Air, as well as its subsidiary airlines Batik Air and Wings Air, until the cause of the accident was known. The Indonesian Minister of Transportation, Budi Karya Sumadi, later stated that his ministry would hold talks with the Australian government about the warning.
The government-owned social insurance company Jasa Raharja announced that the victims' families would each receive 50 million rupiah (US$) in compensation.
In the immediate aftermath of the crash, the Indonesian media were warned by Indonesian Broadcasting Commission for their unethical coverage of the crash. Some media were accused of pushing the family members to answer unethical questions. Chairman of Indonesia's Alliance of Independent Journalists (AJI), Abdul Manan, stated that images of debris were broadcast repeatedly and inappropriately. This, in turn, traumatized relatives of the victims. In response, some Indonesians voiced their anger and disappointment on social media.
On 31 October, Transportation Minister Budi Karya Sumadi temporarily suspended Lion Air's technical director Muhammad Arif from his duties based on the crash investigation. Budi said the ministry had also suspended an unspecified number of Lion Air technicians who had cleared the aircraft for its final flight.
Officials from the Indonesian National Search and Rescue Agency announced that the search and rescue operation would be conducted for seven days and be extended by three days if needed. A command centre was set up in Tanjung Priok.
On 29 October, authorities said that all on board were presumed dead and that the first human remains had been recovered. Divers had located fragments of the aircraft's fuselage and assorted debris, but had yet to find the onboard flight recorders. An official from the Indonesian National Armed Forces predicted that most of the victims were still inside the fuselage, as in the days following the crash, rescue personnel only managed to recover a small number of body parts. Officials stated that bad visibility and strong sea current hampered the search and rescue effort.
On the same day, the Indonesian National Search and Rescue Agency published the area of the search and rescue operation. It was divided into two main area. The first was a underwater search area while the second was a "visual search" area, wide.
On 30 October, the search area was divided into 13 sectors. The search area was widened to , reaching as far as Indramayu to the east. Approximately 850 personnel from the Indonesian National Search and Rescue Agency, Indonesian National Armed Forces and volunteers participated in the operation. At least 13 bodies were retrieved from the crash site. Indonesian officials confirmed that faint pings had been heard in the search area.
On 31 October, it was reported that acoustic "pings" had been detected, no further than from the group of eight current search points, which were possibly from one or both of the underwater locator beacons (ULBs) attached to the aircraft's flight recorders.
The first victim was identified on 31 October. At the time, more than a dozen body parts had been found by authorities. Some of the parts had drifted more than in the sea current. Police also reported that 152 DNA samples had been collected from the victims' relatives. Hundreds of pieces of the aircraft had also been recovered; all of them were transported to Tanjung Priok, Jakarta. Authorities stated that the search area for dead bodies and debris would be focused in the sea off Karawang Regency, a coastal area of Java close to the crash site, as analysis showed that the sea currents in the area would bring debris to the south. A command centre was set up in Tanjung Pakis, Karawang to oversee the salvage effort.
On the same day, authorities widened the search area from to . In all, 39 ships (including 4 equipped with sonar) and 50 divers were deployed to the search area. The Indonesian National Police announced that 651 personnel had joined and assisted in the search and rescue operation. Officials stated that the operation, starting from 31 October, would focus on finding the fuselage of the aircraft and the flight recorders.
The joint search and rescue team announced on 31 October that at least three objects, one of which was suspected to be one of the aircraft's wings, were found in the search area. Officials confirmed that "pings" from the aircraft's ULBs were also heard near the area.
On 1 November, searchers announced that they had found Flight 610's flight data recorder (FDR), which was located at a depth of . The cockpit voice recorder (CVR), however, was reported as not yet found. According to a transport safety official, quoted by Reuters news agency, authorities did not initially know for certain whether the "crash survivable memory unit" was from the flight data recorder or cockpit voice recorder, as portions of it were missing. Haryo Satmiko, deputy chief of Indonesia's National Transportation Safety Committee (NTSC), the body investigating the crash, told journalists that the device's poor condition was evidence of the "extraordinary impact" of the crash, which had separated the memory unit from its housing. Despite the damage, investigators were able to recover data from the aircraft's previous 19 flights spanning 69 hours, and planned to begin analysis on 5 November.
On 2 November, the joint search and rescue team deployed more than 850 personnel and 45 vessels to the crash site. The aerial search area was widened to and the "underwater search area" was widened to . Joint search and rescue team announced that some engine parts were found in the search area. One of the aircraft's landing gears was recovered on the afternoon. Meanwhile, the Disaster Victim Identification team stated that at least 250 body parts had been recovered from the crash site. 
On 3 November, it was reported that a volunteer Indonesian rescue diver had died during the search, on the afternoon of 2 November. It is believed he died from decompression.
A second landing gear and both of the aircraft's engines were able to be recovered by search and rescue personnel, while the main body of the aircraft had been located by authorities. The main wreckage of the aircraft was located from the coast of Tanjung Pakis and was located around from the location where the FDR was discovered. Divers were immediately dispatched to the area. Faint "pings" from the ULB attached to the aircraft's CVR were also heard.
On 4 November, nearly 1,400 personnel, including 175 divers, were dispatched to the crash site. 69 ships, 5 helicopters and 30 ambulances were also dispatched. The Head of the Indonesian National Search and Rescue Agency Muhammad Syaugi announced that the search and rescue operation would be extended for another three days.
On 10 November the NSRA ended its search for victims. However, the NTSC announced that the search for the CVR would continue for "an undetermined time.". As of 22 November, the NTSC's search for the CVR is still ongoing. The CVR itself has still not been found.
On 23 November, investigators concluded the victim identification process. Out of 189 people on board, 125 (89 men and 36 women) have been identified, including the two foreigners. Another 64 bodies are still unaccounted for. 
The aircraft was used on a flight from Ngurah Rai International Airport, Bali to Soekarno-Hatta International Airport, Jakarta the night before the crash. Passengers on that flight recounted that the aircraft had suffered an engine problem and were told not to board it as engineers tried to fix the problem. While the aircraft was en-route to Jakarta, it had problems maintaining a constant altitude, with passengers stating that it was like "a roller-coaster ride". The chief executive officer of Lion Air, Edward Sirait, said the aircraft had a "technical issue" on Sunday night, but this had been addressed in accordance with maintenance manuals issued by the manufacturer. Engineers had declared that the aircraft was ready for takeoff on the morning of the accident. 
On 29 October, Indonesia's Transportation Ministry ordered all of the country's airlines to conduct emergency inspections on their 737 MAX 8 aircraft. The ministry would also launch a special audit on Lion Air to see if there were any problems with its management system. The Transportation Ministry announced that all Indonesian Boeing 737 MAX 8 aircraft were airworthy and were allowed to resume normal operations on 31 October.
The Indonesian Meteorology, Climatology, and Geophysical Agency (BMKG) reported that the weather was clear around the time of the crash, with winds at from the northwest. Visibility was good with no cumulonimbus clouds.
A Boeing technician and engineer, and a team from the US National Transportation Safety Board arrived on 31 October to help with the investigation being conducted by the NTSC. Personnel from the US Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and engine manufacturer GE Aviation were also sent to Indonesia. A team from Singapore, that had already arrived on the night of 29 October, was to provide assistance in recovering the aircraft's flight recorders. The Australian Transport Safety Bureau sent two of its personnel to assist with the downloading process of the FDR.
Aviation experts noted that there were some abnormalities in the altitude and the airspeed of Flight 610. Just three minutes into the flight, the captain asked the controller for permission to return to the airport as there were flight control problems. About eight minutes into the flight, data transmitted automatically by the aircraft showed it had descended to about but its altitude continued to fluctuate. The mean value of the airspeed data transmitted by Flight 610 was around , which was considered by experts to be unusual, as typically aircraft at altitudes lower than are restricted to an airspeed of . Ten minutes into the flight, the data recorded the aircraft dropping by more than . The last recorded altitude of the aircraft was .
A number of news sources, including "The New York Times" and "The Daily Telegraph", reported the speculation of Indonesian aviation expert Gerry Soejatman that the pitot tubes, used in the airspeed indication system, may have played a role in the crash; they have contributed to similar crashes previously.
Police Hospital Chief Musyafak said that an examination of the body parts indicated that it was unlikely that there had been an explosion or fire on board the aircraft.
Detailed reports regarding the aircraft's last flight prior to Flight 610 (from Denpasar to Jakarta), revealed that the aircraft had suffered a serious incident. Passengers in the cabin reported heavy shaking and a smell of burnt rubber inside the cabin. At one point, the aircraft had dropped more than in a few seconds. Many of the passengers were left traumatized by the incident. The seat belt sign was never turned off from take off to landing. A recording of air traffic control communications indicated that the pilot had called a "pan-pan", the second highest alert level after a Mayday call. However, the crew later decided to cancel the pan-pan and continue the flight to Jakarta. The aircraft's maintenance logbook revealed that during that flight, the aircraft suffered an unspecified navigation failure on the Captain's side, while the First Officer's side was reported to be in good condition. 
On 5 November, the NTSC announced that Flight 610 was still intact when it crashed into the sea and struck at high speed, citing the relatively small size of the pieces of debris. The impact was so powerful that the strongest part of the aircraft was obliterated. The NTSC also stated that the engines of Flight 610 were still running when it impacted the sea, indicated by the high RPM. Further examination on the aircraft's instruments revealed that one of the aircraft's airspeed indicators had malfunctioned for its last four flights.
On 7 November, the NTSC confirmed that there had been problems with Flight 610's angle of attack (AoA) sensors. The aircraft suffered an airspeed indicator problem for its last four flights, including the flight to Denpasar. Thinking that it would fix the problem, the engineers in Bali then replaced one of the aircraft's AoA sensors, but the problem persisted on the penultimate flight, from Denpasar to Jakarta. Just minutes after takeoff, the aircraft abruptly dived. The crew of that flight, however, had managed to control the aircraft and decided to fly at a lower than normal altitude. They then managed to land the aircraft safely and recorded a twenty-degree difference between the readings of the left AoA sensor and the right sensor. NTSC chief Soerjanto Tjahjono told the press that future reporting or actions, enacted to prevent similar problems on similar aircraft, would be decided by Boeing and US aviation authorities.
On 28 November, Indonesia investigators said Lion Air jet was not airworthy on flight before crash. Several relatives of the crash victims have already filed lawsuits against Boeing. 
On 6 November, "The Wall Street Journal" reported that Boeing and the FAA, on the basis of preliminary information gathered in the investigation, were planning to publish warnings, about erroneous angle of attack indications, on cockpit instrument displays of the 737 MAX in response to the Lion Air accident. The report stated that, based on preliminary findings, it is believed a malfunction in the AOA sensors could lead the on-board computer to believe that the aircraft is stalling, causing it to automatically initiate a dive. The Federal Aviation Administration urged all airlines operating Boeing 737 MAX 8s to heed the warnings. In response to the news of the faulty AoA sensor and the operation of the Maneuvering Characteristics Augmentation System (MCAS), a stall protection system, the FAA issued an emergency Airworthiness Directive (AD) requiring that amended operating limitations and procedures, relating to erroneous data from an AoA sensor, be inserted into the aircraft flight manual of each 737 MAX aircraft.
During difference training, pilots of American Airlines and Southwest Airlines converting from earlier Boeing 737 Next Generation models to the 737 MAX were not informed of the MCAS linked to the fatal crash, leaving them concerned that they were possibly untrained with respect to other differences. In November 2018, "Aviation Week" reviewed the 737 MAX flight crew operations manual and found that it did not mention the MCAS. American Airlines' Allied Pilots Association and Southwest Airlines Pilots' Association were also caught unaware. "The Wall Street Journal" reported that Boeing had "decided against disclosing more details to cockpit crews due to concerns about inundating average pilots with too much information." 
The CFM International LEAP engines of the 737 MAX have a higher bypass ratio and have a larger nacelle than the engines of previous Boeing 737 models, so the engines are placed higher and further forward in relation to the wing than on previous models. This destabilises the aircraft in pitch at higher angles of attack; to deal with this the MCAS flight control augmentation system is fitted to the 737 MAX. Former Boeing engineers expressed the opinion that a nose down command triggered by a sensor single point of failure is a design flaw if the crew is not prepared, and the FAA was evaluating a fix of the possible flaw and investigating if the pilots' transition training is adequate.
On 15 November, the US Air Line Pilots Association (ALPA), the largest union, representing 61,000 pilots, urged the FAA and NTSB to ensure pilots receive all relevant information, addressing a "potential, significant aviation system safety deficiency". ALPA' United Airlines branch, in line with its management, disagrees as the 737 pilot manual includes a standard procedure to shut down the flight-control behavior, and dismissed the MCAS implication in the accident as "speculation" based on the Boeing safety-warning bulletin and the follow-on FAA airworthiness directive.
On 19 November, Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg defended in an internal message the Flight Crew Operations Manual as describing the MCAS relevant function. On 20 November, Boeing was to hold a conference call with 737 Max operators to detail the new MCAS not present in the Next Generation models.
The conference call was cancelled later, to be replaced by a series of regional calls to allow more questions.
On 28 November, the Indonesian National Transportation Safety Committee (NTSC) released its preliminary accident investigation report.
After airspeed and altitude problems, an AoA sensor was replaced and tested two days before.
Erroneous airspeed indications were still present on the subsequent flight on 28 October, which experienced automatic nose down trim.
The runaway stabilizer non-normal checklist was run, the stabilizer trim was turned off, and the flight continued with manual trim; the issues were reported after landing.
Shortly after taking off on 29 October, issues with altitude and airspeed continued with erroneous AOA data, leading to automatic nose-down trim.
The flight crew repeatedly commanded nose-up trim during ten minutes, until the end.
The report does not state whether the runaway stabilizer procedure was run or the stabilizer trim switches cut out on the incident flight.
Leeham News, which principally covers Airbus, Boeing, Bombardier and Embraer issues, reported that the crew did not have the clear knowledge of the trim runaway checklist that all 737 MAX crews now know, and that the MCAS was going to be updated to operate from multiple, verified AoA signals.
Boeing points to the 28 October successful troubleshooting to confirm the MCAS does not change Runaway Stabilizer procedures.

2018 High Point Panthers men's soccer team
The 2018 High Point Panthers men's soccer team represented High Point University during the 2018 NCAA Division I men's soccer season. It was the 61st season of the university fielding a program. 
Updated October 28, 2018
Source:
!colspan=8 style=""| Regular season
!colspan=8 style=""| Big South Tournament
!colspan=8 style=""| NCAA Tournament

Statue of General Gordon
A bronze statue of General Charles George Gordon by Hamo Thornycroft stands on a stone plinth in the Victoria Embankment Gardens in London. It has been Grade II listed since 1970. A similar statue stands at Gordon Reserve, near Parliament House in Melbourne, Australia, on its original tall plinth. 
A different memorial statue by Edward Onslow Ford, depicting Gordon on a camel, stands at Brompton Barracks, Chatham, with another formerly in Khartoum and now at Gordon's School near Woking. There are further memorial statues to Gordon in Aberdeen; in Gravesham, where the full length stone statue depicts Gordon in his army uniform with a sabre; and there is a Grade II listed monument to Gordon in Southampton.
Major-General Gordon was lionised as a British war hero after his death at the end of the Siege of Khartoum in January 1885. The statue was made in 1887-88. Gordon's brother, Sir Henry Gordon, advised Thornycroft to minimise the military character of the statue, and emphasis Gordons qualities of strength of mind, love, kindness and affection. 
The original statue in London was first unveiled in Trafalgar Square on 16 October 1888 without a formal ceremony. It was sited halfway between the two fountains in Trafalgar Square, standing on a high pedestal. The statue was removed from Trafalgar Square in 1943 and moved to the grounds of Mentmore Towers in Buckinghamshire. 
In a speech in the House of Commons speech 5 May 1948, Winston Churchill (then Leader of the Opposition) advocated a return of the statue to its original location. In the event, it was reinstalled on a lower plinth in 1953, about half a mile to the southeast, on the Victoria Embankment, between the new Ministry of Defence building and the River Thames, just south of Horse Guards Avenue. 
The larger than life size statue depicts the British Army officer Charles George Gordon standing in his army uniform, carrying a cane and a bible, with his head resting on his raised right hand, and his left foot resting on a cannon.
The plinth of Portland stone bears inscriptions and two bronze plaques, one on each side. The main inscription in the stone on the front of the plinth reads: "CHARLES G. GORDON C.B. / MAJOR-GEN. ROYAL ENGINEERS // KILLED AT KHARTOUM / XXVI JANUARY / MDCCCLXXXV". Further inscriptions on the stone plinth list his actions, clockwise from the south front: "CRIMEA 1855 N CHINA 1864 / QUINSAN SOOCHOW / SOUDAN KHARTOUM / GRAVESEND EQUATOR". These inscriptions record his service in the Crimean War; at Quinsan and Soochow during the Taiping Rebellion while leading the Ever Victorious Army; at Gravesend while commanding the Royal Engineers building defences along the River Thames; and in Equatoria (southern Sudan), in Soudan and at Khartoum.
The bronze plaques on either side of the plinth depict pairs of allegorical figures in relief, identified by further stone inscriptions, as "FORTUTUDE" (with shield and sword) alongside "FAITH" (hooded), and "CHARITY" (with two children) alongside "JUSTICE" (blindfold, with scales and sword). The shield of Fortitude bears the legend "RIGHT / FEARS NO / MIGHT".
An identical statue by Thornycroft was installed in 1889 at Gordon Reserve in Melbourne, Australia, on the triangle between Macarthur Street and Spring Street to the south of Parliament House, facing towards the Old Treasury Building. It still stands on its original tall pedestal, which bears scenes from Gordon's life.
A different memorial statue by Edward Onslow Ford, depicting Gordon on a camel, stands at Brompton Barracks, Chatham, the home of the Royal School of Military Engineering. It became Grade II* listed in 1998. A second cast of Ford's statue of Gordon on a camel was installed in Khartoum from 1904 until 1958. Shortly after Sudan achieved its independence, the statue was removed and reinstalled at Gordon's School, near Woking, in 1959, where it has a Grade II listing.
Further memorial statues to Gordon stand in Aberdeen; in Gravesham, where the full length stone statue depicts Gordon in his army uniform with a sabre; and there is a Grade II listed monument in Southampton.

List of Minnesota United FC records and statistics
Minnesota United FC is an American professional soccer team based in Minneapolis, Minnesota, that competes in Major League Soccer (MLS).
This is a list of franchise records for Minnesota United, which dates from their inaugural season in 2017 to present.
Bold "signifies current Minnesota United player"

Dengfeng Tourist Railway
Dengfeng, China is building a Tourist Railway, the first phase of which is scheduled to open in 2020.
On 10 September 2018, Raffles Investment and Development Company, a subsidiary of Singapore-based Raffles Infrastructure, signed an agreement with China Railway Construction Corporation (CRRC), 23 Bureau, and Chengdu Tianfu Railtech Valley Technology to form a consortium to bid for infrastructure-related projects in China. On 19 October 2018, the consortium signed an agreement with the Tourism Board of the government of Dengfeng City, China to build a tourist railway in Dengfeng City at an estimated cost of Yuan 6 billion ($US 864.4 million).
The line is planned to be constructed in four stages, starting in 2018 and ending in 2026. For each stage, a land survey report and environmental report are required.

Belmont (album)
Belmont is the eponymous debut album by American pop punk band Belmont. The album was released on August 17, 2018 through Mutant League Records.
The album charted on three "Billboard" charts.
Belmont

Kruzel
Kruzel is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

List of Dartmouth Big Green men's ice hockey seasons
This is a season-by-season list of records compiled by Dartmouth in men's ice hockey.
Dartmouth College has played in four NCAA tournaments in its history but currently hold the longest drought for teams that have made at least one appearance. Their last tournament berth occurred in 1980.
"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties"

Katyal
Katyal is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Lagrange-class submarine
The "Lagrange"-class submarines were a class of foursubmarines built for the French Navy during World War I and the interwar period. Threeships of this type were built in the Arsenal de Toulon from 1913 to 1924, and onewas built the Arsenal de Rochefort shipyard. Entering the French "Marine Nationale" from 1918 to 1924, the submarines served until the mid-1930s.
The "Lagrange"-class submarines were constructed as part of the French fleet's expansion programmes from 1913 to 1914. The ships were designed by Julien Hutter, who slightly modified his previous project, the "Dupuy de Lôme"-class submarines, using two Parsons steam turbines with a power of . During construction, though, the idea was abandoned and the ships were instead equipped with diesel engines.
The ships were equipped with eight torpedo tubes (fourin the bow; twostern and twoexternal), with a total of tentorpedoes and two guns. The crew of a ship comprised forty-sevenmen.
Of the four"Lagrange" class submarines, threewere built in the Arsenal de Toulon, and one in the Arsenal de Rochefort. The member ships were laid down between 1913 and 1914, and launched between 1917 and 1924. The ships were named after French scholars: Joseph-Louis Lagrange, Pierre-Simon Laplace, Henri Victor Regnault, and the constructor of submarines Gaston Romazzotti.
Of the foursubmarines, only twowere commissioned before the end of World War I: "Lagrange" and "Romazzotti", which operated in the Mediterranean Sea.
From 1922 to 1923, the ships underwent a major refit in which they received new major conning towers, bridges and periscopes. All ships served in the Mediterranean Sea until 1935 for "Lagrange" and 1937 for the other threeships.

Bergenheim
Bergenheim is a surname. Notable people with the name include:

1980 Guinea-Bissau coup d'état
The 1980 Guinea-Bissau coup d'état was the bloodless military coup that took place in Guinea-Bissau on 14 November 1980, led by Prime Minister General João Bernardo Vieira. It led to the deposition of President Luís Cabral, who held the office since 1973, while the country's War of Independence was still ongoing. Furthermore, it resulted in the abandonment of the proposed unification of Guinea-Bissau with Cape Verde, a fellow Lusophone West African country. The Cape Verdean branch of the PAIGC party (the ruling party in both countries) broke away and formed the new PAICV party in January 1981 under the leadership of Aristides Pereira, President of Cape Verde and former Secretary-General of the PAIGC.
General Vieira announced the creation of the Revolutionary Council, which would exercise all executive and legislative powers in the country. Eventually, a power struggle developed between Vieira and Victor Saúde Maria, Prime Minister and Vice President of the Revolutionary Council, the only civilian member of the body, with the latter being forced into exile in Portugal in March 1984. Two months later a new Constitution was promulgated, proclaiming Vieira as President and returning the country to civilian rule.
Vieira himself was deposed in the 1998–99 Civil War and exiled to Portugal in June 1999, but returned to the country in 2005 and was again elected to the presidency, and held the office until his assassination by a group of soldiers on 2 March 2009.

2018–19 Duquesne Dukes women's basketball team
The 2018–19 Duquesne Dukes women's basketball team will represent Duquesne University during the 2018–19 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Dukes are led by sixth year head coach Dan Burt. The Dukes are members of the Atlantic 10 Conference and play their home games at the Palumbo Center.
Alex Panormios and Tad Maurey provide the call for home games on A-10 Digital Network. Select games will be televised.
!colspan=9 style=| Non-conference regular season
!colspan=9 style=| Atlantic 10 regular season
!colspan=9 style=| Atlantic 10 Tournament

Jun Mitsuhashi
Mitsuhashi graduated from the Faculty of Agriculture program at the University of Tokyo, receiving a Bachelor of Agriculture degree in 1955. In 1965, he received a Doctor of Agriculture degree at the University of Tokyo. He was a professor at the Tokyo University of Agriculture until 2012. His entomology works include scholarly articles and books.

Cebu Provincial Sports Complex
The Cebu Provincial Sports Complex is a complex of sports facilities under construction in Lahug, Cebu City, Philippines.
The groundbreaking for the sports complex took place on October 18, 2018 and was led by Cebu Governor Hilario Davide III. It is projected to be completed by March 11, 2019.
The sports complex project is implemented by the Cebu provincial government through its Provincial Engineering Office with the Pragmatic Development and Construction Corp. as its contractor. The construction costs .
The Cebu Provincial Sports Complex, which measures 36 x 60 meters, is situated on a one hectare lot in Sudlon, Barangay Lahug, Cebu City. It will host two standard-sized basketball courts which are convertible to accommodate other sports. The sports complex will also have a dedicated table tennis facility, a training center, and a weightlifting facility. An athlete's quarter is also planned to be added once the sports complex construction is completed.
The Cebu Provincial Sports Complex, as its name suggest is meant for use by athletes from Cebu province. It will also be used by the provincial government of Cebu as the venue for its annual province-wide sports meet. The venue will also be made available for rent for private use. It will also host the satellite office of the Cebu Provincial Sports Commission.

New India (newspaper)
New India was an early 20th century daily newspaper published in India by the freedom fighter Annie Besant, to highlight issues related to the Indian freedom struggle.
New India was a newspaper founded as a means to spread news related to the Indian freedom struggle, and as a means to vocalize the views of its founder, the freedom fighter Dr. Annie Besant, through her editorials. It was in the same league as Gandhi's Harijan and Tilak's Kesari.
Annie Besant was a London born half Irish half English, pro workers union, pro Irish freedom person who happened to first come to India in November 1893. She had helped start the first trade unions in London, was a member of the Fabian Society and a close associate of a number of socialists of her time including Sydney Webbs, George Bernard Shaw, George Lansbury and Ramsay MacDonald. In 1866, she read two theosophical books written by Mr A. P. Sinnet, and in 1889 read Mme H. P. Blavatsky's ‘The Secret Doctrine’. These influenced her greatly and she came to India. In May 1889, Besant joined the Theosophical Society in Madras, and became Blavatsky's pupil and helper. She gradually became a prominent worker of the Theosophical Society and was elected President, a position that she held till her death in September 1933.
In October 1913, Besant spoke at a public meeting in Madras recommending that there should be a Standing Committee of the House of Commons for Indian affairs which would go into the question of how India might attain freedom. Realising that a newspaper would help propagate her political thoughts, she founded a weekly newspaper in January 1914. In June 1914 she purchased an existing newspaper called 'Madras Standard' and renamed it 'New India'. The New India subsequently became her chosen organ for her tempestuous propaganda for India's freedom, and was widely read by the English educated Indian middle and upper classes, post world war when the Indian freedom struggle was beginning to gather momentum.
New India was a pro Indian freedom newspaper, which simultaneously worked as a mouthpiece for the views of its founder Dr. Annie Besant. During and after the First world war, the return to Gandhi to India, the involvement of Indian masses in the Indian freedom struggle (which till then had generally remained a topic of discussion only for the English speaking upper class Indians) and the vociferous involvement of Bipin Chandra Pal, Bal Gangadhar Tilak, Lala Lajpat Rai, Gopal Krishna Gokhale, Motilal Nehru, Jawaharlal Nehru and others, the Indian freedom struggle began to gather momentum in places other than Delhi, Calcutta and Bombay. In 1914, Besant vocalized the idea of the inclusion of more Indians in making decisions related to India at a political and economic level. She called this freedom 'Home Rule', similar to the home rule movement in Ireland. 
She egan to be active in the Indian National Congress, as a delegate as well as a member of various committees. In 1915, in a meeting in Bombay, she explained her plan for the establishment of the Home Rule League. This work intensified in 1916, as people began to eagerly read the 'New India' for news of the progress of the Indian freedom movement and to read Dr Besant's editorials in the paper. At that time, popular English newspapers like the Times of India used to usually publish pro-British news to cater to its primarily pro colonial advertisers and readers. Hence there was an urgent need to have English language newspapers that could publish news related to the Indian freedom struggle and the people involved in it. New India's readers thus consisted mainly of the educated English speaking middle and upper class Indians as well as foreigners sympathetic to the cause of India's freedom. 
Besant started the Home Rule League was on 1 September 1916, announcing it in New India. Bal Gangadhar Tilak too had formed a similar Home League. Due to its danger to the British empire, Tilak was exiled and in June 1917, Besant was interned in Ootacamund with two principal workers G. S. Arundale and B. P. Wadia, thus interrupting the publishing of New India. However, due to widescale protests all over India and abroad, the internment order was withdrawn, and in August 1917 Besant was made the President of the Calcutta Session of the Indian National Congress. As a result of her campaign and because of the pressure of public opinion in India, the Montagu - Chelmsford proposals were enacted by the British Parliament which created a few nominal openings for Indians in certain local councils.
However, Besant favoured changing laws to encourage the participation of Indians in the governance of India, and did not favour the breaking of laws set by the British administration. Thus, when 1920 Gandhi launched Satyagraha in 1920 in Lahore, Besant stood against it. A lifetime of fighting by constitutional means and within the law had left her with a deep distrust of massive law - breaking in whatever cause it might be. Again, New India became a mode through which Besant could vocalize her justification of her views. Gradually, as Besant held on to views opposed tot eh general sway of public , her popularity and New India's popularity waned. However, her creative work for India continued, mostly reflected in her writings in New India. Between 1922 and 1924, in consultation with her colleagues Tej Bahadur Sapru, C. P. Ramaswami Aiyar, P. S. Sivaswami Aiyar, V. S. Srinivasa Sastri, Purshottamdas Thakurdas and Hari Singh Gour, most of them knights of the British empire who advocated more participation of Indians in the existing British colonial order, she drafted the "Commonwealth of India Bill" which was presented in the Parliament in London by George Lansbury in December 1925. Parts of it were published in New India, however it did not go beyond the first reading stage.

The Bottle (film)
The Bottle () is a Canadian comedy-drama film, directed by Alain Desrochers and released in 2000. The film stars Réal Bossé and François Papineau as Réal and François, two longtime friends who decide to recover a beer bottle, containing a paper on which they wrote down their hopes and dreams for the future, which they buried 15 years earlier in the back yard of Antoine (Jean Lapointe), a grumpy old man.
The film's cast also includes Hélène Loiselle, Pascale Bussières, Louis Champagne, Sylvie Moreau and Jean-Pierre Ferland.
Desrochers received a Genie Award nomination for Best Director at the 21st Genie Awards. At the 3rd Jutra Awards, Papineau was nominated for Best Actor, Loiselle was nominated for Best Actress, and Moreau was nominated for Best Supporting Actress.

2018 United States farm bill
The 2018 farm bill is proposed United States legislation that would reauthorize many expenditures in the prior United States farm bill: the Agricultural Act of 2014.
On May 18th, 2018 the $867 billion farm bill failed in the House of Representatives with a vote of 198 yea to 213 nay. All Democrats and 30 Republicans voted against the measure. Republican opposition came largely from the Freedom Caucus who disagreed with its provisions that would liberalize immigration policy. Jim Jordan, a Freedom Caucus member said "My main focus was making sure we do immigration policy right." Democratic opposition was largely due to the proposed changes to the attached Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) that would impose work requirements.
On September 30, some provisions of the 2014 farm bill expired without a replacement. Other provisions are funded through end of calendar year 2018. Sticking points were said to be SNAP work requirements, commodity and energy policy, funding, and cotton and other crop subsidies. Bloomberg reported in late November that a compromise had been reached, removing SNAP work requirements, and the legislation could be voted on by end of year. 
Incorporating some of the text of the Hemp Farming Act of 2018, The farm bill will deschedule some cannabis products from the Controlled Substances Act for the first time.

Eddie Cole (American football)
Eddie G. Cole (October 14, 1919 – June 24, 2015) was an American football player and coach.
Cole was a graduate of the University of California, Santa Barbara. He served as the head football coach at the College of Idaho in Caldwell, Idaho from 1951 to 1952, capturing the Northwest Conference title each year.

Bent &amp; Broken
"Bent & Broken" is a song and the debut commercial single recorded by Canadian singer Gus. It was released on July 20, 2018, as the singer's lead single from his upcoming album.
After teasing the single on social media, the song along with its lyric video were released on July 20, 2018. The song has since garnered over 100 thousand streams on Spotify and the video has accumulated over 50 thousand views.

Salon d'Or, Homburg
Salon D'Or, Homburg, is an 1871 oil painting by William Powell Frith. It is held by the Rhode Island School of Design Museum in Providence, Rhode Island.
The painting measures . It depicts an interior scene at the , run by the twin brothers François Blanc and Louis Blanc who would later run the Monte Carlo Casino. Frith visited Bad Homburg in 1869 with a friend, O'Neil. The popular casino near Frankfurt was due to close in 1871 when its 30 year lease expired. Frith was following several contemporaneous works of art and literature which had focussed on gambling and casinos, including artworks such as Alfred Elmore's 1865 "On the Brink" and Gustave Doré's 1867 "Le Tapis Vert", and literary works such as Anthony Trollope's 1864 "Can You Forgive Her?" and Feodor Dostoyevsky's 1869 "The Gambler". 
Frith used photography to capture the scene, and made many preparatory drawings and sketches to establish the final composition. The central figure is a woman in grey, turning away from the tables with blank expression, apparently having lost heavily. A man and a woman to her right look on unapprovingly: portraits of Frith and his wife. He used a landscape format to show the crowds of fashionable people around the gambling tables. His depiction include his typically characterful vignettes, but there are some differences between his final sketch and the completed work. For example, in the sketch, an older man seated in the left foreground gives some money from his winnings to his mistress; in the oil painting, a younger man is seeking more money from his wife so he can keep playing. 
The completed painting was exhibited at the Royal Academy summer exhibition at Burlington House in 1871, with the subtitle "Le jeu est fait - Rien ne va plus" (French: "The stakes are set – No more bets"). It received mixed reviews - some critics preferred the repulsive realism of Doré, but Frith's work became so popular with the viewing public that a barrier was erected to keep back the crowd – an accolade rarely accorded: the previous two instances were Frith's "The Derby Day" in 1858, and David Wilkie's "Chelsea Pensioners reading the Waterloo Dispatch" in 1822. It was also exhibited at the Exposition Universelle in Paris in 1878.
Frith then embarked on a Hogarthian series of paintings on moral subjects, "The Road to Ruin", which follows the descending path of a wealthy young gentleman who becomes embroiled in gambling and loses his fortune. This series needed another rail when exhibited at the Royal Academy, also in 1878.
Frith had sold "Salon D'Or" to the art dealer Louis Victor Flatow in 1870 for £4,000, including the copyright. Flatow had the work engraved by the printmaker Charles George Lewis, but Frith was unhappy with the quality of the resulting prints when they were published from 1876. Flatow sold the painting in 1874 for £1,995, without the reproduction rights. Victorian paintings became deeply unfashionable in the early 20th century, and it was auctioned at Christie's in 1932 for just £48 6s, sold to Walter Lowry of New York. He later donated it to the Rhode Island School of Design Museum. A smaller version was acquired by the National Gallery of Canada in 1964.

Henry Dresser Atkinson
Henry Dresser Atkinson (1841–1921, fl. 1860–1890) was an Australian clergyman and amateur naturalist, active in Tasmania around the late eighteenth century. He lived at Stanley and Evandale, Tasmania, and made collections of specimens around Circular Head. Atkinson was born in Selby, Yorkshire, England, to Reverend Henry Atkinson, Vicar of Barmby and headmaster at the Read School, Drax. He entered Magdalene College, Cambridge, in 1860, and graduated in 1863. His brother Edwin Dresser Atkinson became a geologist and fossil collector. He was the father of Henry Brune Atkinson (1874–1960), also a clergyman with an interest in natural history, who was borne by his wife Sarah Ann, née Ward, and said to have been wet nursed by Truganini. He produced a short book titled "Jottings of Tasmanian bird-life " (1888?), which contained commentary from W. V. Legge; the date of the book is inferred from a reference within the text to the earlier work of Philip Sclater.
He served on the biological consultation committee of the Australasian Association for the Advancement of Science, his works included leading the contributions to the sixth report of the committee, a "List of Vernacular Names for Australian Birds" in 1898. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Tasmania in 1870. Known as a collector of molluscs, he furnished many shells to Julian Tenison-Woods, who named the species "Scissurella atkinsoni" after him. He died in Hobart on 26 June 1921, aged 80, and was buried in Cornelian Bay Cemetery.

List of mayors of Arezzo
The Mayor of Arezzo is an elected politician who, along with the Arezzo's City Council, is accountable for the strategic government of Arezzo in Tuscany, Italy. The current Mayor is Alessandro Ghinelli, a centre-right independent, who took office on 11 June 2014.
According to the Italian Constitution, the Mayor of Arezzo is member of the City Council.
The Mayor is elected by the population of Arezzo, who also elect the members of the City Council, controlling the Mayor's policy guidelines and is able to enforce his resignation by a motion of no confidence. The Mayor is entitled to appoint and release the members of his government.
Since 1995 the Mayor is elected directly by Arezzo's electorate: in all mayoral elections in Italy in cities with a population higher than 15,000 the voters express a direct choice for the mayor or an indirect choice voting for the party of the candidate's coalition. If no candidate receives at least 50% of votes, the top two candidates go to a second round after two weeks. The election of the City Council is based on a direct choice for the candidate with a preference vote: the candidate with the majority of the preferences is elected. The number of the seats for each party is determined proportionally.
In 1865, the Kingdom of Italy created the office of Mayor of Arezzo ("Sindaco di Arezzo"), appointed by the King himself. From 1892 to 1926 the Mayor was elected by the City council. In 1926, the Fascist dictatorship abolished mayors and City councils, replacing them with an authoritarian "Podestà" chosen by the National Fascist Party. The office of Mayor was restored in 1944 during the Allied occupation.
From 1946 to 1995, the Mayor of Arezzo was elected by the City's Council.
Since 1995, under provisions of new local administration law, the Mayor of Arezzo is chosen by popular election.

Lyell Cave
The Lyell Cave, formerly called Grande caverne d'Engihoul, is located near Éhein (now in the municipality of Engis), in the province of Liège, Wallonia, Belgium. It is one of many caves investigated or discovered by Philippe-Charles Schmerling, in 1831; the cave is named for a later researcher, Sir Charles Lyell, who visited the cave in 1860.
With the Rosée Cave it is classified as an since 8 July 1988, and is accessible only to scientific researchers. The cave's troglofauna includes Belgium's only cave-inhabiting beetle, "".
The Lyell Cave is located in Éhein on the edge of the valley of Engihoul, where the stream named Engihoul runs by the "route des 36 tournants", in a syncline formed during the Viséan, near the "Lion's quarry".
Philippe-Charles Schmerling wrote of his searches in the "caves of Engihoul" in his book "Recherches sur les ossemens fossiles découverts dans les cavernes de la province de Liège", which was published two years after his exploration of the place.
In 1833 he met geologist Charles Lyell, who was passing through Liège, and told him of his theories about prehistoric humans. Lyell was interested enough to mention them in his "Principes de géologie" the following year, but without giving it the importance he would assign it later.
In 1860 Lyell returned to Liège and decided to examine the "caverne d'Engihoul" with the help of the Belgian professor Constantin Malaise, from the "Institut agricole de l'État" who got him to explore a cave different from Schmerling's.
In honor of that visit, the cave was renamed "Lyell Cave" in the 20th century, from "Grande Caverne d’Engihoul" as it was called in "Les Cavernes et les rivières souterraines de la Belgique" by E. Van den Broeck, É.-A. Martel and Ed. Rahir.
According to the 1910 description, there are two entrances: the one west, marked B on the map, consists of two couloirs, one of which is closed because the quarry's explosives were stored there. The other, marked A, is in the east, at the bottom of the rocky wall of the ravine of Engihoul, 13m from the Meuse. Very narrow and difficult to enter, this passage has been widened and leveled.
From west to east, there are five halls, connected via narrow passages:
Professor Joseph Antoine Spring, of the University of Liège, visited the cave in 1853, before Charles Lyell and Constantin Malaise did in 1860.. Malaise exhumed fragments of human skulls that were later studied by E.-T. Hamy. De Puygt and Lohest, members of the Anthropological Society of Brussels, found Neolithic engravings made with silex. In 1894, paleontology professor Julien Fraipont of the University of Liège found animal bones and tools made of silex. The site has also been pilfered by private individuals for their personal collections.
In the 1890s, Ernest Doudou found new cavities containing human and animal remains, sharpened tools of silex, pottery fragments, bones that had been worked on, bronze and iron objects, traces of ancient fires, from different eras. He concluded that the cave was occupied from the Paleolithic to the Middle Ages; most of these objects were deposited at the University of Liège.
With the Rosée Cave, with which it forms a single system, it is classified as an since 8 July 1988. It is accessible only to scientific researchers, since access by tourists and amateur speleologists risks upsetting the biotope's natural balance with changes to temperature and light, walking through the clay, and the import of nutritional elements that favor certain organisms. The entrance was closed after the cave was filmed.
The cave was owned in the past by the Carmeuse company, which transferred its ownership in 1999 to the non-profit "Les Chercheurs de la Wallonie".
The Lyell Cave is relatively uninteresting from the point of view of paleontology, but has interesting biodiversity, as evidenced by 20th-c biospeleologists including Robert Leruth. They have verified many invertebrates some of which were considered endemic to this cave:
The Diplura "", discovered in June 1999, was thought to be endemic until June 2000.
Also found were:

Hizbul Muslimin
Hizbul Muslimin or "Muslim People's Party of Malaya" (, abbreviated HM / HAMIM), was the first Islam political party of Malaya formed in 17 March 1948. Hizbul Muslimin was also the first Islam political party of Malaya set-up to fight for the independence from the British colonization.
In March 1947, the first Pan-Malayan Islamic conference was held at Madrasah Ma'ahad al-Ehya as-Sharif, Gunung Semanggol, Perak. The conference was organized by the Parti Kebangsaan Melayu Malaya (PKMM) led by Dr. Burhanuddin al-Helmy to discuss the economy problem faced by the Malay-Muslim. It aim to bring together the Islamic thinkers and movements to be more politically active and progressive. As a result, the Supreme Religious Council of Malaya or "Majlis Agama Tertinggi Malaya" (MATA) was formed.
MATA organised a political conference from 13–16 March 1948 discussing local and international issues concerning the community. The conference participants felt United Malays National Organisation (UMNO) did not do enough to present the important issues and the conservative-nationalist also did not do their parts for the Malay-Muslim sake. The UMNO representatives were dissatisfied with the Islamist in MATA who were more revolutionist and militant. The UMNO representatives reported to UMNO leader Dato' Onn Jaafar who gave the warning of "the dangerous threat from the mountain" (""ancaman bahaya dari gunung""), referring to Gunung Semanggol, the location of MATA movement.
Eventually the "Parti Orang Muslimin Malaya" or "Hizbul Muslimin" was formed on 17 March 1948 led by Ustaz Abu Bakar al-Baqir after the second MATA conference which declared for MATA to be arranged back as a Islamic political party. With the formation of "Hizbul Muslimin", all political activities was transferred to the new party. MATA would be the party's religious affairs bureau. However, Hizbul Muslimin existed not for long when it was banned by the British government by claiming it having relation with the illegal Communist Party of Malaya (CPM). The approval of Emergency Ordinance 1948 had caused Hizbul Muslimin to be considered as dangerous and out-law. It ceased to exist after several of its leaders were arrested during the Malayan Emergency.
Many members of Hizbul Muslimin escaped from British actions by joining UMNO. When the ulama group in UMNO splitted out of the party, they formed "Persatuan Islam Sa-Malaya" (Pan-Malayan Islamic Association), with the abbreviation PAS. At the moment, organisations constitutions allowed double membership in both UMNO and PAS.

Douglas Kamerow
Douglas B. Kamerow is an American family physician, medical researcher, and medical journal editor. He is a professor of family medicine at Georgetown University and Senior Scholar in Residence at their Robert Graham Center. He is also an associate editor and regular columnist for "the BMJ".
Kamerow was educated at Harvard College, the University of Rochester School of Medicine, and the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health. He worked for the United States Public Health Service from 1979 to 2001, where he directed the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality's Center for Practice and Technology Assessment. He also led the United States Preventive Services Task Force, the National Guideline Clearinghouse, and became an assistant Surgeon General. In 2001, he retired from the Public Health Service to begin working at RTI International, where he was a chief scientist for twelve years. In 2003, he became the editor-in-chief of "BMJ USA". After "BMJ USA" ceased publication in 2005, Kamerow remained the journal's United States editor.

Asperity (faults)
An asperity is an area on an active fault where there is increased friction, such that the fault may become locked, rather than continuously slipping as in aseismic creep. Earthquake rupture generally begins with the failure of an asperity, allowing the fault to move.

Aleksandar Aleksiev
Aleksandar Aleksiev (born 5 November 1992) is a Bulgarian cyclist.

Barbara A. Romanowicz
Barbara A. Romanowicz (born April 5, 1950) is a French geophysicist. She is considered an expert on imaging the earth's interior.
She was born in Suresnes. She received a BSc degree in mathematics from the Ecole Normale Supérieure, a MSc in applied physics from Harvard University and PhDs in astronomy from Pierre and Marie Curie University and in geophysics from Paris Diderot University. From 1979 to 1981, she was a postdoctoral research assistant at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. From 1982 to 1990, while working as a researcher at the Centre national de la recherche scientifique (CNRS), she developed a global network of seismic stations known as to study earthquakes and the interior structure of the earth. From 1990 to 2011, she was director of the Berkeley Seismological Laboratory; she was also a professor in the Earth and Planetary Science department at the University of California, Berkeley. During her time at the Berkeley laboratory, she helped develop a real-time earthquake notification system for northern California. She was named to the chair of Physics of the Earth Interior at the Collège de France.
She has been European editor for "Geophysical Research Letters" and editor for "Physics of the Earth and Planetary Interiors".
She was awarded the silver medal by the CNRS in 1992. In 1999, she received the . In 2005, she was named to the American National Academy of Sciences. In 2009, she received the Inge Lehmann Medal. In 2011, she was awarded the Harry Fielding Reid Medal by the Seismological Society of America.
In 1979, Romanowicz married Mark Jonikas.

Japalura otai
Japalura otai or Ota's Mountain Lizard is a species of lizard native to Southern Asia. It is named after Hidetoshi Ota.
The lizard was discovered in India. Adult males are 46.4 mm long and females are larger, at 52.2-58.7 mm long. 

Natura Siberica
Natura Siberica is a cosmetics company based in Moscow, Russia. It was founded by Andrei Trubnikov in 2008. As of 2017 Natura Siberica operates 70 own brand stores, and sells its products in more than 40 countries.
The company operates three plants in Russia, and in 2014 it set up a production facility in a former Coca Cola plant in Estonia. Overall, the company employs about 4,000 people.

Michele Cerofolini
Michele Cerofolini (born 4 January 1999) is an Italian football player. He plays for Cosenza on loan from Fiorentina.
He is a product of Fiorentina youth teams and started playing for their Under-19 squad in the 2015–16 season at the age of 17. He started making bench appearances for Fiorentina's senior squad in the 2016–17 Serie A season. On 23 August 2017, he made his first appearance for Fiorentina's senior squad, coming on as an 87th-minute substitute for Bartłomiej Drągowski (becoming Fiorentina's third goalkeeper of the game) in a friendly Trofeo Santiago Bernabéu matchup against Real Madrid. In 2017–18 season, he appeared on the bench in most of the Serie A games for Fiorentina, but did not play in any, remaining a backup to Marco Sportiello and Dragowski.
On 13 July 2018, he joined Serie B club Cosenza on a season-long loan. He made his Serie B debut for Cosenza on 26 September 2018 in a game against Cremonese.
Cerofolini was first chosen to represent his country when he was called up to Italy national under-18 football team for a series of friendlies in February 2017.
Later in the same year he began to be called up to the Under-19 squad, and eventually was included in Italy's roster for the 2018 UEFA European Under-19 Championship, in which Italy was the runner-up to Portugal. He did not make any appearances at the tournament, serving as back-up to Alessandro Plizzari.
In the fall of 2018 he was included in Italy's Under-20 squad and played in 2018–19 Under 20 Elite League games.

CompareHero.my
CompareHero.my is an online financial aggregator based in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. It was first established in 2013 and is a registered company under Compargo Malaysia Sdn Bhd. CompareHero.my is wholly owned by CompareAsiaGroup Limited.
CompareHero.my is part of CompareAsiaGroup (CompareAsiaGroup Limited). Headquartered in Hong Kong, CompareAsiaGroup is one of the Asia's leading online financial marketplace with presence in Malaysia, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Taiwan, Singapore, the Philippines, and Thailand. CompareAsiaGroup is funded by Nova Founders Capital and several other global investors such as the International Finance Corporation from World Bank Group, Goldman Sachs, ACE & Company, Route 66 Ventures, SBI Group, and Alibaba Entrepreneurs Fund.
As a financial aggregator, CompareHero.my provides Malaysians with a free online comparison platform for comparing and applying credit cards, personal loans and broadband plans provided by various banks and financial institutions in Malaysia. The online platform helps consumers find suitable financial products by comparing interest rates, benefits, and sign-up offers at a glance. With broadband plans, CompareHero.my compares features such as broadband packages, speeds and the amount of allocated data per month.
In addition to its comparison tool, the company aims to increase financial literacy levels among all Malaysians. CompareHero.my also provides independent advice on financial products and practical tips on saving money in Malaysia through its blog, eBooks, and guides. CompareHero.my work closely with banks and government agencies to make personal finance accessible to every Malaysian.
CompareAsiaGroup was founded by Kuala Lumpur-based technology incubator Nova Founders Capital. The group received an undisclosed amount of seed funding in July 2013. With this seed funding, Gerald Eder, Floyd Sijmons and Zee Fakier founded CompareHero.my. Managing director Gerald Eder was the former co-founder and managing director of Zalora Thailand. Prior to setting up CompareHero.my, managing director Floyd Sijmons was the former head of strategic revenue management and planning at Groupon EMA. Whereas the chief content officer Zee Fakier was the former Groupon’s editor-in-chief. The CompareHero.my website achieved a milestone of 10,000 users within the first month of its official launch.
In February 2014, CompareAsiaGroup secured US$3 million funds from Stem Capital Partners and other international investors. CompareHero.my formed partnerships with 80 local banks and financial institutions in Malaysia. Within the same year, the parent company, CompareAsiaGroup expanded into Hong Kong, the Philippines., Indonesia, Thailand, and Taiwan. CompareAsiaGroup established its regional hub and group headquarters in Hong Kong.
CompareHero.my, part of CompareAsiaGroup, received US$40 million investment in Series A funding led by Goldman Sachs Investment Partners, Jardine Pacific, Nova Founders Capital, ACE & Company, and Route 66 Ventures. Several angel investors such as Mark Pincus (Zynga founder), Owen Van Natta (former Facebook COO and MySpace CEO) also participated in the round. In the same year, CompareAsiaGroup launched Singsaver in Singapore.
CompareHero.my, part of CompareAsiaGroup, raised additional US$50 million funding in Series B led by International Finance Corp (IFC) and joined in by Alibaba Entrepreneurs Fund, SBI Group and H&Q Utrust. Existing investors such as Goldman Sachs Investment Partners, Nova Founders Capital, ACE & Company, and Route 66 Ventures also participated in the round. The IFC contributed up to US$15 million of the investment amount.
As part of the business expansion and also to accommodate their fast growing team, the office was relocated from Seri Bukit Ceylon, Kuala Lumpur to Wisma UOA Damansara, Kuala Lumpur.
CompareHero.my provides free tools to help Malaysians understand consumer finance products in Malaysia. The financial products available for comparison on the website includes personal loans and credit cards.
The company is currently located in Wisma UOA Damansara, Kuala Lumpur. CompareHero.my is part of CompareAsiaGroup, with operations in a total of 7 countries including Hong Kong (MoneyHero.com.hk), Malaysia (CompareHero.my), Singapore (SingSaver.com.sg), Indonesia (HaloMoney.co.id), Taiwan (Money101.com.tw), the Philippines (MoneyMax.ph), and Thailand (MoneyGuru.co.th).

Walker River State Recreation Area
Walker River State Recreation Area is a 12,856 acre state park unit of Nevada along the East Walker River near the city of Yerington. The park is one of Nevada's largest and newest state park units, dedicated by Governor Brian Sandoval on September 18, 2018. The park is composed of four units consisting of historical ranch land. The land was officially reconveyed to the state in 2017 by the Walker Basin Conservancy, a nonprofit dedicated to the restoration Walker Lake while protecting environmental, agricultural and recreational interests. The Walker Basin Conservancy purchased the water rights and accompanying land for the benefit of Walker Lake. The Walker Basin Conservancy will maintain stewardship activities on the land.

Walsingham (1795 ship)
Walsingham (or "Walsingham Packet"), was a Falmouth packet boat, launched in 1795. Shortly after her launch a French privateer captured her but the British Royal Navy quickly recaptured her. Her recapture gave rise to a court case. She continued to serve the Post Office until 1826 when she was sold. In 1815 she successfully repelled an American privateer in a notable single-ship action. She was wrecked in 1826.
Hill & Melish built "Walsingham" for the Post Office as a Postal Packet. However, the vessels' masters owned and managed her. During her career she sailed where the Post Office sent her, including Portugal, Brazil, North America, Jamaica, Malta, and elsewhere.
On 26 September 1795 "Porcupine" and recaptured "Walsingham Packet". The French corvette brig "Insolent", of 18 guns and 90 men, had captured "Walsingham Packet" on 13 September as "Walsingham Packet", Bell, master, was sailing from Falmouth to Lisbon. "Insolent" narrowly escaped being herself captured at the recapture of "Walsingham Packet", getting into Lorient as the British ships came into range.
"Lloyd's List" reported on 27 November 1807 that "Walsingham Packet" had arrived at Falmouth with the mails for Lisbon. She had left Lisbon on the 4th after shore batteries on the Tagus River. On 22 October the government in Portugal had published a proclamation closing all Portugal's ports to British vessels, whether naval or commercial. The proclamation was in response to Napoleon's demands as he implemented the Continental System. Mr. Chamberlain, the Post Office's agent at Lisbon, dispatched the proclamation on the 27th. Anticipating the expulsion or even arrest of all British residents from Portugal, he hired a small armed schooner to stand off the coast, awaiting his arrival. On 11 November the Portuguese government decided to arrest all British subjects, exceptthe ambassador and his staff. Chamberlain made his way to the coast on foot, only to discover that the schooner had departed. He tried to reach some of the British vessels that were off the coast, but the surf prevented him from reaching them. He was able to reach "Walsingham", which the shore batteries had fired on the day before, and which was standing off the coast trying to ascertain what was happening. With Chamberlain's arrival and his report, "Walsingham" had its answer and she departed for Falmouth.
In 1813 "Lloyd's Register" started to list the Falmouth packets. It showed "Walsingham" with Roberts, owner, changing to Bullock. Her owner was Captain and Co. 
On 11 February 1815, "Walsingham" was 100 miles to windward was on her way to Jamaica, and under the temporary command of Captain William Nichols. She sighted a schooner that outsailed "Walsingham" and bore up and hoisted a British blue ensign. Nichols was not deceived and prepared his guns, moving two 9-pounders to the stern to act as stern chasers. As the schooner came up it was clear that she was American, armed with twelve long 9-pounder guns, and that her forecastle was packed with men in preparation for boarding "Walsingham". The two vessels exchanged broadsides for half an hour. The American's masts and rigging were badly damaged and the British considered attempting to capture their assailant, but she was able none the less to sail off. "Walsingham" had five men wounded. When she arrived at Jamaica the local merchants raised some £500 to award Nichols with an honour sword and to reward his crew.
At the end of the Napoleonic Wars the packets were put on a peacetime establishment with respect to their armament and manning. "Walsingham" last appeared in the "Lloyd's Register"s list of Falmouth packets in 1825 with J. Bullock as master and owner.
In 1826 "Walsingham" was sold to Neill & Co. The 1826 volume of "Lloyd's Register" showed her master changing from Bullock to Bourke, her owner from Capt. & Co. to Neal, and her trade from Falmouth to London–Cape of Good Hope.
On 15 June 1828 "Walsingham" was driven ashore and wrecked at the Cape of Good Hope.
Notes
Citations
References

Broxbournebury Manor
Broxbournebury Manor is a building of historical significance and is listed on the English Heritage Register. It was originally a courtyard house built in the 16th Century with major alterations and additions in the 18th and 19th Centuries. Today it is a country club.
The Cocke family built Broxbournebury Manor in about 1550. It is not certain whether it was John Cocke or his son Sir Henry Cocke (1538-1609) who built it. John Cocke (1506-1557) was granted the Broxbourne Manor by Henry VIII in 1544. John died in 1557 and left the property to his wife Anne and when she died she left it to her son Sir Henry Cocke. . He was a person of importance in the household of Queen Elizabeth.
Jacob Bosanquet bought the house at the time of his marriage in 1790 t. When Jacob died in 1828 his eldest son George inherited the house. In 1831 he married his cousin Cecilia Franks (1789-1868) She was a keen gardener and her rose garden was often mentioned in publications. One book described Broxbournebury as a “celebrated mansion and remarkable for a unique rose garden”. In 1832 a rose called “Mrs Bosanquet” was named after her. This rose still exists today. 
The couple had one daughter, Cecilia. When George died in 1866 his daughter and her husband Horace James Smith inherited the house. Horace added the name Bosanquet to his name at the time of the inheritance.
Horace .In 1878 Horace commissioned Sir Ernest George to make considerable alterations and additions to the house. 
The house and some of the land was bought by Hertfordshire County Council in 1946. It was sold later to become the Hertfordshire Golf and Country Club.

Zdeněk Hřib
Zdeněk Hřib (born 21 May 1981) is a Czech manager and the current Mayor of Prague. He is a member of the Czech Pirate Party and assumed office following the 2018 municipal election, where the Pirates ranked second and formed a governing coalition with the third and fourth-ranked parties that holds 39 out of 65 seats in the Prague City Assembly.
Zdeněk Hřib was born on 21 May 1981 in Slavičín, near the city of Zlín in southeastern Czech Republic. He studied medicine at the Charles University in Prague and participated in a student exchange program in Taiwan.
Subsequently, Hřib held managerial positions in the healthcare industry, focusing on digitization of healthcare services. From 2012, he is the director and founder of a non-profit public service company that provides quality control, efficiency assessment and consulting for healthcare providers as well as consumer protection.
In 2013, Hřib became a registered supporter of the Czech Pirate Party and ran unsuccessfully in the 2014 Prague municipal election.
The Pirates ranked second in the 2018 Prague municipal election winning 13 out of 65 seats in the Prague City Assembly and formed a governing coalition with the third and fourth-ranked parties that holds 39 out of 65 seats. Hřib, as the leading Pirate candidate with 75,082 votes, was elected the Mayor of Prague on 15 November 2018 by the Prague City Assembly and took over the office from Adriana Krnáčová.

Columbus Police Memorial
The Columbus Police Memorial is a memorial in Columbus, Ohio's Genoa Park, United States. It has inscriptions of the names of police officers killed while serving, and serves as a gathering site for memorial services.

2019 JLT Community Series
The 2019 JLT Community Series will be the Australian Football League (AFL) pre-season competition played before the 2019 home and away season. It will feature 18 matches across two weekends. For the sixth year in a row, the competition will not have a grand final or overall winner. All matches will televised live on Fox Footy as well as on the AFL Live app.

Riccardo Idda
Riccardo Idda (born 26 December 1988) is an Italian football player. He plays for Cosenza.
He spent the first three years of his career in Serie D, before making his professional debut in the 2009–10 season in Serie C2 for Brindisi.
On 15 July 2017, he signed a two-year contract with Serie C club Cosenza. Cosenza advanced to Serie B at the end of the 2017–18 season.

List of mayors of Siena
The Mayor of Siena is an elected politician who, along with the Siena's City Council, is accountable for the strategic government of Siena in Tuscany, Italy. The current Mayor is Luigi De Mossi, a centre-right independent, who took office on 25 June 2018.
According to the Italian Constitution, the Mayor of Siena is member of the City Council.
The Mayor is elected by the population of Siena, who also elect the members of the City Council, controlling the Mayor's policy guidelines and is able to enforce his resignation by a motion of no confidence. The Mayor is entitled to appoint and release the members of his government.
Since 1993 the Mayor is elected directly by Siena's electorate: in all mayoral elections in Italy in cities with a population higher than 15,000 the voters express a direct choice for the mayor or an indirect choice voting for the party of the candidate's coalition. If no candidate receives at least 50% of votes, the top two candidates go to a second round after two weeks. The election of the City Council is based on a direct choice for the candidate with a preference vote: the candidate with the majority of the preferences is elected. The number of the seats for each party is determined proportionally.
In 1865, the Kingdom of Italy created the office of Mayor of Siena ("Sindaco di Siena"), appointed by the King himself. From 1892 to 1926 the Mayor was elected by the City council. In 1926, the Fascist dictatorship abolished mayors and City councils, replacing them with an authoritarian "Podestà" chosen by the National Fascist Party. The office of Mayor was restored in 1944 during the Allied occupation.
From 1946 to 1993, the Mayor of Siena was elected by the City's Council.
Since 1993, under provisions of new local administration law, the Mayor of Siena is chosen by popular election.

Harold Cagle (American football coach)
Harold D. Cagle (July 23, 1936 – November 27, 2015) was an American football player and coach. He served as the head football coach at Missouri Western State University in St. Joseph, Missouri from 1970 to 1973. He served as the program's first head coach at Missouri Western.

Neotsfield
Neotsfield is a heritage-listed homestead at Neotsfield Lane, Whittingham, Singleton Council, New South Wales, Australia. It was designed by Henry Dangar and built from 1827 to 1888, with William Dangar supervising much of the initial construction. It was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
Henry Dangar (1796-1861) was eldest of six brothers, descendents of an old Jersey (Channel Islands) family.. Henry was born at St Neot, Cornwall, son of William Dangar and wife Judith. He was the first of six brothers to emigrate as free settlers to New South Wales. Henry arrived on the "Jessie" on 2 April 1821 and soon after arrival was appointed (by Governor Macquarie as assistant in the Survey Department and employed in the counties of Camden and Argyle.
The well-known Dangar was one of the Government surveyors who, with Surveyor Finch, surveyed the Counties of Northumberland and Durham in the Hunter Valley. Dangar was rewarded for his service when Governor Macquarie granted him 700 acres in the Hunter Valley between Morpeth and Raymond Terrace on 6 September 1821..
When Governor Sir Thomas Brisbane began preparations early in 1822 for the free settlement of the Hunter River districts, Dangar was transferred to Newcastle to make a detailed and immediate survey of the valley, which was believed to extend only about 25 miles (40km) to the north. He prepared the plans of King's Town (Newcastle) and in the next 2 years measured and marked out village reserves, church lands and allocations for settlers along the lower branches of the Hunter River and as far north as Patrick's Plains, furnishing in 1823 a detailed and valuable "Return of Land Cleared and Other Improvements made by Small Settlers". Early in 1824 Colonel James Morisset, commandant at Newcastle, complained that Dangar was paying too much attention to his own 700 acre (283ha) grant and too little to his official duties, whereupon Surveyor-General John Oxley ordered his transfer to another district.
The order was withdrawn and for the next year Dangar toiled almost unceasingly, marking the road from Newcastle to Wallis Plains (Maitland), measuring reserves and grants and working steadily northwards until he reached the hitherto unsettled upper districts of the Hunter River. In July 1824 he named Fal and Foy Brooks, in August explored the present sites of Muswellbrook, Aberdeen and Scone, crossed the Hunter and discovered and named Kingdon Ponds and Dartbrook. Soon afterwards he arranged an expedition to ascertain "the nature and point of junction of the stream from the westward" which he had observed on his earlier journey up the Hunter. Accompanied by John Richards and two servants, Dangar discovered in October 1824 the confluence of the Goulburn and Hunter Rivers, explored Dartbrook to its head where Allan Cunningham had crossed it in 1823, named Lamorran Brook (Wybong) and crossed the Liverpool Range to the plains beyond.
Cornish place names, scattered through the Hunter Valley, mark Henry Dangar's surveys and record his deep affection for his birthplace. Mount Dangar, Dangarfield and Dangarsleigh commemorate his name. His finest memorial however, was the proud boast of his employees, and their children and grandchildren, that they were "Dangar men".
Henry's brothers William and Thomas arrived in Sydney on 18 March 1825.
His reports caused an immediate rush of applicants for land grants in these desirable new districts and in May 1825 when he revisited the area, he was commissioned to select land for a number of settlers. His main purpose was to accompany and advise Peter McIntyre, superintendent for Thomas Macqueen, in the selection of grants for Macqueen and the McIntyre brothers. On returning from the Upper Hunter Dangar allocated for himself and his brother William land to which McIntyre believed he had prior claim. Dangar suggested a compromise which McIntyre regarded as a bribe and the affair was referred to the Governor, who set up a board of inquiry. The board found Dangar guilty of using his public position for private gain and he was dismissed from office on 31 March 1827. Governor Sir Ralph Darling recommended that he be dispossessed of the land under dispute and required to take his grant in some other district.
Dangar returned to England to appeal against this recommendation, claiming ample precedent for his actions. Oxley supported him, recording that "he has performed his duties with zeal and in the most efficient and correct manner, and afforded no occasion, within my knowledge, in the execution of arduous and perplexing duties, for censure and complaint against his public conduct". Although the appeal was unsuccessful, this visit to England determined Dangar's future career. During the voyage he wrote his "Index and Directory to Map of the Country Bordering Upon the River Hunter", which was published in London in 1828. It demonstrated his skill as a cartographer and ability as a surveyor and brought him to the immediate attention of the directors of the Australian Agricultural Company. He was offered, and accepted, an appointment as a surveyor to the company under Sir Edward Parry. Accompanied by his wife Grace, who he married at St Neot in Cornwall on 13 May 1828, and with their infant son, William John, (b. 1829) he returned in April 1830 to take up his new position at Port Stephens.
In addition to topographical and soil reports on the company's grants Dangar surveyed its 400,000 acre (161,876ha) reserve north of the Manning River. So unfavourable were his reports of the whole area that Parry sent him to explore, as an alternative location, the Liverpool Plains districts recommended originally by Oxley. From the headwaters of the Manning, Dangar crossed the Great Dividing Range to the Liverpool Plains, a feat of extreme endurance and skill which he performed for a second time afterwards, and selected for Parry's personal examination an extensive area of attractive land. Parry then visited the district with him and after much negotiation, during which Dangar and the government surveyor, George White, made a joint survey, the company's claim to the land was accepted by the government. This accomplished, Dangar's services were no longer needed and in June 1833 he retired to his property, Neotsfield, near Singleton.
At Newcastle he had boiling down works and meat-processing and tinning works, and in New Zealand he established a steam flour mill near the wheat farms around Official Bay. As a magistrate and member of the District Council his experience and judgement were in frequent demand, and he gave time and energy to the agricultural and political advancement of the Hunter Valley. In common with most large landholders who were seriously short of labour, he supported the proposed reintroduction of transportation and advocated the use of coolie labour. He welcomed the government's immigration policy and sponsored many immigrant families from Britain and later from Saxony. With some hesitation he accepted nomination for the electoral district of Hunter, Brisbane and Bligh in the first elective New South Wales Legislative Council in 1843, but his brothers Thomas and William Dangar, both resident in the Upper Hunter, supported his successful opponent, William Dumaresq. In 1845 he was returned for Northumberland and remained a strongly-conservative member of the council until 1851 when he retired from public life.
The magnitude and complexity of his pastoral and business interests, combined with the incessant demands of public office and private affairs, at length exhausted even Henry Dangar's vitality. Early in 1852 he sailed for England, returning to NSW in 1856 after an extensive tour of the Continent. He lived in retirement at (castle-like) Grantham, Potts Point and died on 2 March 1861 and was buried in the churchyard of All Saints' Church of England, Singleton in a tomb of Italian marble for which his will provided and in which his widow, Grace, was buried on 18 August 1869. Their surviving children were William John of Neotsfield, Henry Cary Dangar MLA, Frederick Holkham, Albert Augustus, Francis Richard, Margaret and Florence.
On 16 May 1825, Governor Thomas Brisbane granted Henry Dangar 300 acres, situated at Patrick's Plains, near Singleton. He named this grant "Neotsfield" after his native place of St Neot in Cornwall, South-West England. On the same day, he also acquired another 700 acres adjoining this grant, giving a total of 1000 acres for Neotsfield.
Henry's brother, William John (1800-1868) successfully managed Henry's business affairs from 1925 to 1935, including running Neotsfield farm from until 1933, before settling at Turanville, near Scone. William's pastoral interests became so extensive that Turanville was managed by his brother-in-law, Samuel Wellington Cook, whose son established a stud farm there. William inspired many of Henry Dangar's progressive ventures and shared in others until he returned to England in 1857.
William John Dangar supervised the initial house's construction during his years managing Neotsfield. Over the next decade or so the buildings were constructed and became known as Neotsfield. Dangar set cattle on the property and cleared the acres of land around the homestead. Early descriptions of the property indicate that the land was improved in "every known way", with trees being cleared with discretion in order to leave sufficient shade. The property was well-watered by the Hunter River, and tanks and reservoirs filled by windmill pumps meant that there was no shortage of water for the valuable stock. Dangar ran cattle on the property and at one time a small herd of black buck from India. Apparently they bred so profusely that they became a serious nuisance and were eventually presented to the Zoo.
In June 1833, Henry Dangar retired to Neotsfield and took over management of the property. By that time, it was a flourishing and highly-developed farm, its stock and produce receiving much favourable comment.Henry Dangar quickly extended his interest, purchasing additional grazing properties and leasing extensive runs which by 1850 amounted to more than 300,000 acres (121, 407 ha). Along the Great North Road to the Liverpool Plains he acquired town allotments and established inns and stores.
The main house block would have been erected some time between 1833 and 1838. It had wide verandahs, was designed around a three-sided courtyard (i.e. had two wings). The eastern wing contained temporary family quarters and the wine cellar until such time as the house block was built. It was a large and complex group with 29 rooms built over a period of approximately 50 years.
Due to financial difficulties in early 1838, Henry was forced to advertise Neotsfield and his other Hunter River properties for sale. These financial difficulties were apparently overcome and consequently the property was retained by Henry Dangar.
An advertisement in the Sydney Morning Herald said Neotsfield was "to be sold and let, by private bargain, and posession to be given on the 31st May 1838...". Later it offered this description:
The house and offices are brick built and complete, and fit for the residence of a genteel family; they have been erected under the proprietor's own superintendence and combine elegance with comfort. The house contains entrance hall, dining and drawing rooms, six bedrooms, pantry, stores and servants' apartments, and having in front a spacious and elegant verandah. The offices are detached, and consist of kitchen, laundry, dairy, store, office, larder, cellars, granary, servants' rooms, coach-house and stabling for ten horses'.
The properties were eventually taken off the market, probably due to some planning on the part of Henry's brother, William. Henry occupied Neotsfield with his wife and family of three sons from 1833-1857. Between 1843 and 1847 he amassed squattages of over 300,000 acres in New England, on the Liverpool Plains, on the Namoi River and on the Gwydir River. He was elected a Member of the Colonial New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 1845-51.
Henry Dangar died at his home "Grantham" in Potts Point, Sydney on 2 March 1861. His wife Grace, as executrix, continued to manage his properties and estates which he had acquired, until she distributed them in 1868. She died at Neotsfield on 16 August 1869.
Neotsfield passed from Grace Dangar to their son William John (W. J.) Dangar, not to be confused with the property's former manager, his uncle of the same name. During W. J. Dangar's time here he was responsible for starting and developing one of the most successful and highly-respected throroughbred horse studs in Australia. He was also a member of the then Horticultural Society of Sydney (Horticultural Society of NSW). This consisted of prominent members of the colony and professional gardeners. His interest in horticulture most certainly resulted in the development of the formal layout of the magnificent garden at Neotsfield. The garden was laid out to the front and two sides of the main house block and was about two acres in extent. Italian Carrara marble urns/vases stood on the front verandah in his time here.
Many of the fine Victorian additions to the homestead at this time, together with the construction of the wooden stables. William also acquired more land during his ownership of Neotsfield. William Dangar died at Neotsfield on 3 August 1890. There were no children from his marriage.
Neotsfield passed to the late William's brother Henry Cary Dangar along with its established thoroughbred stud. He quickly became well-known as a breeder and an owner of great racehorses and also as a member of the committee of the Australian Jockey Club. One of Henry C. Dangar's best horses bred at Neotsfield at this time was a horse named "Gibraltar". He also imported a horse named "Positano", who later sired the immortal racehorse "Poseidon" at Neotsfield stud.
In 1895 the property passed to Richard Halifax (R. H.) Dangar, William's nephew. He continued breeding thoroughbred horses and Suffolk Punch horses for farm work. The most famous horse bred there during his time was "Poseidon". He was sold as a foal at foot at the break up of the Neotsfield stud in 1904 and consequently became the winner of 19,000 pounds in stakes.
R. H. Dangar was probably responsible for the Boom-style additions to the house itself, in the form of the upper servants' quarters above the billiard room. He too acquired extra land after becoming the owner and by 1900, the Neotsfield estate had grown to around 8000 acres in area.
The original approach to the homestead was by way of a drive from the former gates and Gate Lodge on the present New England Highway further towards Singleton. A service drive on the northern side of the homestead was linked to the river by a gravel drive. The first and second subdivisions resulted in the main entry road from the Gate House lodge and gates on the New England Highway passing through five of the newly created blocks. This isolated the gates and Gate Lodge on a 50 acre land parcel. As a consequence a lane about 300 yards to the north of the old entry road and running south along the boundary line was incorporated in the subdivision plan. This access lane to Neotsfield later became known as Haggarty's Lane. Before it reached the homestead block it veered slightly to the south until it met the last section of the old entrance road at the boundary of the homestead block before proceeding on.
The first subdivision of the Neotsfield Estate was surveyed by Newcastle surveyor William Francis Hall in December 1913. In 1914 subdivision and auction sale of 11 small farm lots (between 37-63 acres) followed.
On 3 March 1914 the second subdivision took place. This resulted in another 14 small farms (38-55 acres) being created (surveyed by Sydney surveyor, W. H. Gregson. It was not until 12 June 1920 that these blocks were advertised for sale. Sales continued until January 1923 when it was noted that all of the first and second subdivisions of the Neotsfield Estate had been sold.
Part included the homestead block of 400 acres. This block was then further subdivided until it consisted of 226 acres 7 roods 33 perches (a 1944 survey found the actual area was 219 acres 6 roods). It was finally sold to John Frederick Knodler in April 1924 and he took possession on 1 July 1924.
The second 1920 subdivision resulted in the main entry road from the lodge gates on the New England Highway passing through five of the newly created blocks. This effectively isolated the lodge gates and residence on a 50 acre parcel of land. As a consequence a lane about 300 yards to the north of the old entry road and running south along the boundary line was incorporated into the subdivision plan. This access lane to Neotsfield later became known as Haggerty's Lane. Before it reached the homestead it veered slightly to the south until it met the last section of the old entrance road at the boundary of the homestead block before proceeding on (*3, 8). Since 1920-24 the approach to the homestead has been via the rear or service yard, rather than to the front of the house. (*2, 8, *4, 8). In 1928 all that remained of the once 8000 acre Neotsfield holding was the homestead block of 226 acres (*3, 8). A 1944 survey found this was in fact 220 acres (*3, 9)
Richard Dangar vacated Neotsfield on 16 July 1924. He had purchased a property at Turee, Cassilis and took with him the ornate Carrara marble urns/vases from the house's front verandah. He died at Cassilis on 19 August 1940.
John F. Knodler took possession of Neotsfield on 1 July 1924. The purchase price was 10,000 pounds after an amount of 500 pounds had been allowed for maintenance and painting of the homestead and adjacent buildings. Three timber houses stood along the upper banks of the river. His son George Frederick Knodler and his wife took up residence in one, while the other two were occupied by workmen. A modern dairy was constructed almost immediately and one of the first irrigation plants in the Hunter river was installed. The latest machinery needed to work the property efficiently was purchased. Two men were employed specifically to tend the gardens and regular maintenance was carried out on the buildings. The house and buildings were well maintained using some of the same tradespeople that Richard Dangar had employed.
Early in their ownership, Knodler and his three sons George, Frederick and Earle became involved in breeding and racing horses. Each year yearlings were transported to Sydney to be auctioned by renowned bloodstock expert and family friend Ken Austin of H. Chisholm and Co. bloodstock sales (later William Inglis and Son). The most successful horse was named "Lady Neot".
Bloodstock was also taken on agistment, the most famous of which was the racehorse "Statesman", who was sent to Neotsfield for several months by his owner and prominent Sydney trainer, Mr. W. Kelso. On his return to racing he was entered in the 1928 Melbourne Cup which he consequently won.
Thoroughbred Clydesdale draught horses were also stabled on the property during this period. A Guernsey cattle stud was also established at Neotsfield.
The lighting plant was taken out of service in the late 1920s and the homestead converted to normal supply. The other three houses were connected at this time.
John F. Nodler died at Neotsfield on 25 July 1938. The farm was then managed by his wife Christiana until 16 February 1944, when plans were made for subdivision. At that time, Neotsfield was surveyed and subdivided into three lots of 73 acres 2 roods by surveyor Cephas Scott (Scott & Crisp). After the transfer of each lot on 7 August 1944 to each of Christiana's sons, Lot 3 became Neotsfield and the property of Frederick C. Y. Knodler.
After creating the three properties, an agreement was reached between the three brothers regarding the two timber stable buildings. The first set of stables that stood on the left of the entry road and north of the homestead's west wing was dismantled and reconstructed on Neots Park (and remains standing). The second set of stables further along and opposite the brick stables were also dismantled and relocated on Lar Neot. These no longer exist. The corn shed which was adjacent to the wool shed was also moved to Neots Park (and remains standing). The middle timber house which was the residence of George F. Knodler was relocated on his property Lar Neot. The statue from the south-west corner of the garden, together with the steel hedge fence and several concrete vases were relocated in the house garden at Neots Park.
Frederick Cornwell York (C.Y.) Knodler, as the new owner, built a dairy south of the brick stables and on the opposite side of the entry road. He continued general farming and dairying on the property.
In 1947 the original dairy which had been built by John Knodler in 1924 and located in Neots Park was totally destroyed by fire. Building materials were in very short supply at this time so it was decided to demolish the east wing of Neotsfield and recycle the bricks and timber. The east wing was causing some concern due to bowing walls and general deterioration. Materials that could be salvaged were used to build the dairy that still stands on Neots Park.
On 22 November 1948 Neotsfield was sold and transferred to the government of the day to become Crown Land for closer settlement. The transfer and surrender reads: "To his Most Gracious Majesty King George the Sixth for the purposes of The Closer Settlement Acts".
Reginald T. Tom was granted the Crown Land Closer Settlement lease of Neotsfield on 26 November 1948. He continued to farm Neotsfield and operate the dairy. Later in his tenure he became involved in contract hay baling on some adjacent farms.
During his occupancy the homestead became neglected and consequently fell into a state of disrepair. A hole developed in the slate roof and this was not repaired. This allowed water entry causing long term damage. Various items from in and around the house were sold to interested parties. The brass bell from the bell post is thought to have been sold to one of the Singleton schools. A large clover leaf shaped cement section garden bed surround was sold to a local resident. The life-sized garden statue from the south-eastern corner of the garden was also sold.
The broken pieces of elegant black marble fireplace from the dining room were much later found scattered around the grounds. Pieces of ruby glass windows from the mezzanine level bathrooms also were later found in the garden. The staircase railing also became damaged. Shutters were removed and disposed of. The garden at the front and sides of the homestead gradually became overgrown with grass and weeds until it was used as an area to run cattle. The pebbled gravel on the surface of the courtyard on the northern side of the house was also not raked or maintained resulting in this area also grassing over. It remains in this state to the present. In 1955 flood water entered the house to a depth of 12 to 14 inches. The woolshed was destroyed by fire and the front balcony and verandah became so dangerous that they had to be demolished. During this process the finely carved sandstone columns were broken into pieces and the balcony joists were shortened in length with a saw. Neotsfield was now in a very neglected state.
After Tom's death the property passed to his son, Donald Tom, who was granted the lease on 22 May 1968. For the next five years he continued to farm Neotsfield. After this he decided to move to a larger property to grow wheat. The property then passed to J. and J. E. Britts on 10 June 1973. During the Britts' occupancy no restoration work of any consequence occurred and Neotsfield continued to languish.
After two years of the Britts' lease, the property was again placed on the market and sold to Ted and Lesley Crimmings on 28 August 1975 for $81,000. It was their intention to restore Neotsfield to its former Georgian glory. Considering the very poor condition of the homstead they faced a huge challenge, including clearing the billiard room where food for goats had been stored. The large hole in the eastern side of the slate roof needed immediate attention to prevent even more water entering the building. This was done using corrugated iron sheeting. The roof now had three covering materials: slate, asbestos shingles over the servants' quarters and corrugated iron. Internally, broken pieces of black marble fireplace found scattered in the garden were glued back together. Pieces of ruby glass from the mezzanine level bathroom windows found in the garden were also refitted.
Cedar joinery throughout the house required stripping of paint.
After Neotsfield was heritage-listed (in 1983 a permanent conservation order was placed on it under the NSW Heritage Act 1977), a $3000 Heritage Council grant in 1981 provided some funds to pay for an architectural assessment. Other grants were provided as the work continued. General restoration continued over many years before the balcony and verandah could be rebuilt.
Only the shortened balcony joists remained as a guide to the replacement of this section of the house. Architects Suters and Busteed were engaged to provide plans for the work. By 1990 both balcony and verandah had been replaced to look like the original structures. However some materials used and certain elements of their design were not the same as the original. Instead of timber, flat sheeting was used to line the underside of the roof of the verandah. Corrugated iron was used to cover the top of the roof instead of slate. Perhaps understandably, the sandstone pillars were replaced with sandstone-coloured concrete columns because of cost. The original timber beams between the pillars were not a full curve as (built) on the reconstructed verandah. Instead the curved timber pieces that came from each pillar were originally relatively short in length.
On 15 March 1994 Neotsfield was surveyed by surveyor Robert George to subdivide the property into two lots and provide an access road from the homestead to Racecourse Lane. Lots 31 and 32 were created with the house on Lot 31 and comprising 23.9 acres.
Following a severe hailstorm at Singleton in December 1996 the covering on the house's roof was so badly damaged that it required complete replacement. This was done in 1997 using imported slate.
The property was sold to Neville Hodkinson and possession given during 1997. Internal restoration work continued.
In 2004, the "Sydney Morning Herald" reported that it had "in the past been open for inspection" but that it had recently changed hands and its status was "in limbo".
In February 2015, it was again sold, this time to an unnamed local family, with "plans to ensure its continued preservation".
The present group of buildings includes the two storied brick homestead and associated western wing, the original carriage house and stables building and other minor outbuildings including a meat store and the remains of a greenhouse. It includes a ballroom, servants' quarters, gentlemen's parlour, breakfast room and guest reception room. It sits on a 9.71 hectares block fronting onto the Hunter River.
The gates and gate house/lodge survive but are no longer part of the Neotsfield property. The approach is now made to the rear or service yard, rather than to the front of the house. The eastern wing has been demolished, thus reducing the sense of enclosure to the rear. The front balcony and verandah roofs are missing - the main building has "lost its face" and its original proportions.
The main buildings, in (Victorian) Regency (Revival) style were originally designed around a three-sided courtyard, with the homestead itself being built after the two wings. These were used as a kitchen, servants' rooms, store, dairy, scullery, wine cellar and temporary family quarters while the residence itself was constructed.
The main house block would have been erected some time between 1833 and 1838. It had wide verandahs, was designed around a three-sided courtyard (i.e. had two wings). It was a large and complex group with 29 rooms built over a period of approximately 50 years.
The billiard room at the western end of the house with the servants' quarters over was a much-later structure as was the Victorian-styled porch and bathroom to the service yard (western and northern sides of the homestead, respectively). These later works were commissioned by Henry Dangar's son, William John Dangar, who attempted to match the pile created by his brother Albert at Baroona.
The eastern wing was demolished. It had contained the temporary family quarters and the cellar until such time as the house block was built.
Only the western wing remains and is much altered internally to its original form. It was intended for use as a servant's rooms, storehouse, kitchen, scullery, dairy room etc.The blank western wall of this wing, as well as the eastern wall of the matching wing, was relieved by the use of an arcaded effect achieved by the use of semi-circular headed recesses formed in the brickwork. This rhythmic device provided sufficient visual interest to overcome what would perhaps have been an overpowering planar quality to the wall, unsympathetic to the remainder of the forms.
Of the original outbuildings, only the Stables, Meat House and the base of the former Green House remain.
The Stables are in need of further reconstruction work to the external walls (some has been done), new roofing and roof plumbing and new flooring to the Hay Loft.
The Meat House remains in almost original condition externally. Its roof plumbing and timberwork should be treated to prevent further deterioration.
Only the rendered base of the former green house remains.
There is also a derelict shed betwewen the Meat House and the western wing.
Only a few remnants remain of the original formal garden which surrounded three sides of the house. These include the former turning circle centre surround, and the bases of three Italian vases, together with some large trees.
The original formal garden was laid out to the front and two sides of the main house block and about two acres in extent It also included an orchard, a kitchen garden and a vinery of table grapes. The green house, with its glazed roof, was apparently used to raise ferns and palms. Only the base of the green house remains today. The garden at the front and sides of the house gradually became overgrown with grass and weeds until it was used as an area to run cattle. The formal garden layout had disappeared.
Italian vases of Carrara marble (8) that once graced the front of the house (*4, 8) were taken by William Dangar when he left Neotsfield in 1924 and installed at his new property in Cassilis. The bases of three concrete garden vases (once a number of these were laid out across the garden) remain (*4, 4).
Remnants of the symmetrical layout to the front include the former turning circle centre surround and some planting including some large trees. These formed part of an ornamental section of the garden and were surrounded by lawns, shrubs and flower beds.
The garden at the front and sides of the house gradually became overgrown with grass and weeds until it was used as an area to run cattle. The formal garden layout had disappeared.
Trees include the Californian desert fan palm (Washingtonia robusta).
Neotsfield was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999 having satisfied the following criteria.
The place is important in demonstrating the course, or pattern, of cultural or natural history in New South Wales.
The history of Neotsfield is the history of Henry Dangar and his family. The property has substantial significance on this basis alone. Henry Dangar has a place in our history for his contribution to the country's early development. His work as a Surveyor for both the Government and later the A.A.Company literally put Newcastle and its surroundings on the map. The Dangar family built up strong commercial interests in the Upper Hunter and the name can be linked with neighbouring properties such as "Baroona" and "Minimbah". Neotsfield homestead, with its various changes over the years, provides us with documentary evidence of the history of Henry Dangar and his family. Its preservation is essential.
The place has a strong or special association with a person, or group of persons, of importance of cultural or natural history of New South Wales's history.
The history of Neotsfield is the history of Henry Dangar and his family. The property has substantial significance on this basis alone. Henry Dangar has a place in our history for his contribution to the country's early development. His work as a Surveyor for both the Government and later the A.A.Company literally put Newcastle and its surroundings on the map. The Dangar family built up strong commercial interests in the Upper Hunter and the name can be linked with neighbouring properties such as "Baroona" and "Minimbah". Neotsfield homestead, with its various changes over the years, provides us with documentary evidence of the history of Henry Dangar and his family. Its preservation is essential.
The place is important in demonstrating aesthetic characteristics and/or a high degree of creative or technical achievement in New South Wales.
Neotsfield is significant for its combination of architectural styles, rather than being a precise example of one particular style. The main house block was built in (Victorian) Regency (Revival) style with the later Billiards Room and rear porch and bathroom additions being in Victorian style. Still later the first floor Servants' Quarters and Kitchen Stair link were constructed in Boom style. Deamer (1971) considers that these later weres were commissioned by Henry's son William in an endeavour to match "the pile created by his brother Albert at "Baroona" ". The interesting mannner in which the blank outer walls of the two wings were relieved has been mentioned previously. The now-demolished verandah to the front was a good example of architectural detailing of the time, with finely-turned stone columns supporting its roof. The placement and form of the various out buildings is an important element in the complex. The Carriage House and Stable, Meat House and Green House are all visually interesting buildings that add to the significance of the homestead. Unfortunately the former Gate House, which is also a fine piece of architecture, no longer belongs to the same property….
The place has a strong or special association with a particular community or cultural group in New South Wales for social, cultural or spiritual reasons.
Neotsfield is undoubtedly a landmark in the Singleton district, together with the other former pastoral homesteads. These properties and their family history are known to many people within the community. They form part of an image of rich farming and grazing properties set along the Hunter River. With the present influx of industrial development in the Hunter Valley, and particularly in the Singleton district, properties of this type can perhaps be a timely reminder of our past to both old and new generations.
The place possesses uncommon, rare or endangered aspects of the cultural or natural history of New South Wales.
Neotsfield is undoubtedly a landmark in the Singleton district, together with the other former pastoral homesteads. These properties and their family history are known to many people within the community. They form part of an image of rich farming and grazing properties set along the Hunter River. With the present influx of industrial development in the Hunter Valley, and particularly in the Singleton district, properties of this type can perhaps be a timely reminder of our past to both old and new generations.
The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a class of cultural or natural places/environments in New South Wales.
Neotsfield is undoubtedly a landmark in the Singleton district, together with the other former pastoral homesteads. These properties and their family history are known to many people within the community. They form part of an image of rich farming and grazing properties set along the Hunter River. With the present influx of industrial development in the Hunter Valley, and particularly in the Singleton district, properties of this type can perhaps be a timely reminder of our past to both old and new generations.

Amy C. Clement
Amy C. Clement is an atmospheric and marine scientist studying and modeling global climate change. Her research focuses on cloud albedo feedbacks, ocean circulation patterns, and the El Niño Southern Oscillation (ENSO). She is currently a professor at University of Miami's Rosenfield School.
Clement was born in Boston, Massachusetts but moved to Long Island, New York shortly after, where she spent most of her adolescent life. Clement attended Columbia College where she received a B.A. in Physics. She received her Ph.D from the Earth and Environmental Science program at Columbia University. Her studies continued at the University of Pierre and Marie Currie in Paris, France where she conducted her postdoctoral work. Growing up, Clement's parents, who worked as an engineer and a writer respectively, held high expectations for their children to do something important. She was therefore drawn to science as a young child, volunteering in labs to extend her curiosity of science.
Clement is a climate scientist studying atmospheric and oceanic interactions related to climate change. She studies the physics of climate modeling, and strives to understand the mechanisms of climate change to refine a global climate model. Clement is currently a professor at University of Miami's Rosenfield School of Marine and Atmospheric Sciences. She is involved in a long term project focused on understanding the importance of tropical regions in paleoclimate for her global climate model. One of Clements primary research topics focuses on the role of the cloud albedo feedback in a warming climate. Her studies examine low-altitude clouds, which are capable of reflecting incoming solar radiation back into space. She studies the relationship between the cover of these clouds and the rate of warming to examine the role of clouds. Clements findings support this theory in that as climate and oceans warm, low laying clouds form less frequently, which lowers the albedo of the earth (more infrared radiation is absorbed rather than reflected), leading to a warmer climate with less clouds. As most in of her research, these findings support a positive feedback warming cycle in climate. Additionally, Clement has conducted significant research on the El Niño Southern Oscillation (ENSO), which is known to play a large role in the climate system. Clement and her researchers somewhat controversially suggest that atmospheric and ocean dynamics need not be connected in order to understand tropical climate and their associated global patterns.
She was awarded the James B Macelwane Medal in 2007. The Macelwane Medal is presented to young scientists who has made significant contributions in the realm of geophysical sciences. Clement was nominated for this award because of her research in tropical atmospheric and ocean dynamics. In conducting this research, she focused on how the atmosphere and ocean interact with both orbital changes and the thermohaline circulation system.
Clement has earned several awards throughout her career for her intellectual leadership and mentoring success.
Clement practices surfing in Miami, Florida. Additionally, Clement is part of a public research group involving students from University of Miami. Clement is now married and has two children.

Chen Saijuan
Chen Saijuan (; born May 1951), also known as Sai-Juan Chen, is a Chinese hematologist and molecular biologist with a research focus on leukemia cytogenetics. She is a professor and Director of the State Key Laboratory of Medical Genomics at Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine, Director of the Shanghai Institute of Hematology, and Vice-Chairwoman of the Chinese Medical Association. She is an academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering and The World Academy of Sciences, and a foreign associate of the French Académie Nationale de Médecine and the Royal College of Physicians of the UK. She has made important discoveries in the pathogenesis of leukemia and developed therapies to treat acute promyelocytic leukemia (APL) and other types of leukemia.
Chen was born in May 1951 in Yinzhou District, Ningbo, Zhejiang, China. During the early Cultural Revolution, she was forced to quit school and work in a textile factory at age 17. She was able to enter Shanghai Second Medical College a few years later, in 1972, and worked at Ruijin Hospital after graduating in 1975.
When graduate research was resumed after the Cultural Revolution, Chen was accepted in 1978 by the renowned hematologist Wang Zhenyi as his graduate student. Another student Wang accepted at the same time was Chen Zhu, her future husband.
Chen Saijuan earned her master's degree from Shanghai Second Medical College in 1981. She married Chen Zhu in March 1983, and the couple both went abroad to study in France, he in 1984, and she in 1986. She earned her D.Sc. from Paris VII University in 1989.
After returning to China, she became a professor at Shanghai Second Medical College, which was later merged into Shanghai Jiao Tong University to become its medical school. She is now Director of the State Key Laboratory of Medical Genomics at Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine, Director of the Shanghai Institute of Hematology, and Vice-Chairwoman of the Chinese Medical Association.
Chen's research is focused on molecular genetics and especially the cytogenetics of leukemia, and she has made important discoveries on the pathogenesis and therapy of leukemia on the cellular and molecular level. She cloned the m-BCR (minor breakpoint cluster region) of the BCR gene and discovered a new type of APL (acute promyelocytic leukemia) and new "nonrandom chromosomal translocations" of leukemia. Based on her discoveries, she developed a new therapy that made previously fatal APL to a highly curable disease, and made progress toward curing other types of leukemia. She has published more than 300 research papers in peer-reviewed journals.
For her contributions to medical research, Chen was elected an academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering in 2003 and The World Academy of Sciences in 2007. She was also elected a foreign associate of the French Académie Nationale de Médecine and a fellow of the Royal College of Physicians of the UK.
Chen has won numerous awards including the Ho Leung Ho Lee Prize for Medical Sciences and Meteria Medica (2001), National Natural Science Prize, Second Class (2001), and Top Ten Women Elites of China (2005). She was elected a member of the 10th and 11th National People's Congress.
Chen Saijuan's husband, Chen Zhu, is also a renowned hematologist who has served as China's Minister of Health and President of the Red Cross Society of China. They have a son named Chen Shuo (陈硕), who is also a student of medicine.

Warrick Palmateer
Warrick Palmateer (born 1969) is an Australian studio potter and art teacher. He is most well known for his collaboration with ceramic artist Pippin Drysdale since 1992. Palmateer is the creator of the vessels — both open and closed forms — that Drysdale uses as canvasses. Palmateer also specializes in creating large wheel thrown and coiled vessels. He is widely regarded by his peers as the finest thrower of porcelain in Australia.
Palmateer was born in Melbourne in 1969. He graduated with an Advanced Diploma in Studio Ceramics from Perth's North Metropolitan TAFE and gained a Bachelor of Fine Arts in 1999 and a Diploma of Education in 2003 from Curtin University. He works as an art teacher at Prendiville Catholic College in Ocean Reef, Western Australia. He is the father of pro surfer Felicity Palmateer.
Collaborating with famous ceramic artist Pippin Drysdale, Palmateer creates porcelain forms that have helped to make Drysdale Australia's highest earning ceramicist. Drysdale credits him with being a key element in her success: 
Apart from his collaborative work with Drysdale, Palmateer also creates monumental forms on a theme of sea, rock and sand. Working with Perth brick making factories, Palmateer creates large coiled pots up to tall and weighing to that require a forklift to move, and industrial brick kilns to fire. Palmateer, an avid surfer, is inspired by the sea and rock forms found on Western Australia's coast in the littoral zone – where land meets ocean, particularly the bleached limestone at Yanchep Beach. Palmateer uses mouldings and casting of textures from rocks, fossils and shells and uses them on the surface of the brick clay vessels.

Vancouver 1st
Vancouver 1st is a municipal political party in Vancouver, British Columbia. It supported the mayoral candiacy of Fred Harding, a retired West Vancouver police officer, in the 2018 municipal election.
Vancouver 1st was founded in mid 2013 by Jesse Johl as a "pro-business, pro-development" anti-establishment municipal party. None of Vancouver 1st's 13 candidates won in the 2014 municipal election.
Fred Harding, Vancouver 1st's mayoral candidate for the 2018 municipal election, received 5,645 votes and placed 6th in the mayoral race.
Vancouver 1st claims to be a "big tent, libertarian-minded party" that prioritizes residents and taxpayers. The party advocates for lower taxes and smaller government.
Vancouver 1st does not support SOGI 123, a resource package made for teachers and school administrators to help avoid discrimination in their curriculum based on sexual orientation and gender identity (SOGI). This caused one of the party's school board candidates to quit the party a week before the 2018 municipal election.
For the 2014 municipal election, Vancouver 1st's party platform included, among other things:
In October 2018, Vancouver 1st promised to negotiate the return of the Vancouver Grizzlies and construct a "world class" NBA stadium in southern Vancouver. The party also promised to get Vancouver a franchise spot in the MLB and construct an MLB stadium in the same area as the NBA stadium. Additionally, Vancouver 1st said it would reverse a decision made by the provincial government in early 2018 to exclude Vancouver from the 2026 FIFA World Cup.

Darrell Cavens
Darrell Cavens (born 1972) is a co-founder and former CEO of e-commerce company Zulily, which was acquired by QVC in 2015 for $2.6 billion.
Prior to Zulily, Cavens held executive positions with Microsoft and online jewelry retailer Blue Nile.
In 2009, Cavens and Mark Vadon co-founded Zulily, a flash-sales site focused on children’s products. The site launched in 2010. Zulily went public in November 2013. Cavens retained 21.6 percent of the voting power following the IPO. In 2014, Cavens won Ernst & Young’s Entrepreneur of the Year for e-commerce. 
In August 2015, Zulily was acquired by QVC for 2.4 billion. As part of the deal, Cavens received about $394 million in cash and QVC shares. Cavens remained as CEO of the company until January 2018 when he became President of New Ventures for newly-reorganized parent company Qurate Retail Group. 
In March 2016, Cavens was named to Madrona Venture Labs’ advisory board. In July 2018, Cavens was appointed to the board of directors for Tapestry, Inc. 

Marco Ban
Marco Ban (born 26 August 1994) is a German-Croatian footballer who plays as a forward for SpVg Frechen 20.
Ban made his professional debut for Fortuna Köln in the 3. Liga on 16 May 2015, coming on as a substitute in the 58th minute for Thomas Kraus in the 2–1 home win against Wehen Wiesbaden.

2018–19 Rhode Island Rams women's basketball team
The 2018–19 Rhode Island Rams women's basketball team will represent the University of Rhode Island during the 2018–19 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Rams are led by fifth year head coach Daynia La-Force. The Rams are members of the Atlantic 10 Conference and play their home games at the Ryan Center.
All Rams home games and most conference road games that aren't televised will be shown on the A-10 Digital Network.
!colspan=9 style=| Exhibition
!colspan=9 style=| Non-conference regular season
!colspan=9 style=| Atlantic 10 regular season
!colspan=9 style=| Atlantic 10 Women's Tournament

Liz MacPherson
Liz MacPherson is the Government Statistician and the Chief Executive of Statistics New Zealand.
She has previously served as Acting Chief Executive of the Ministry of Economic Development and Deputy Chief Executive Strategy and Governance at the Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment.

Aliso (disambiguation)
Aliso is a scientific journal of botany
Aliso may also refer to:

National Space Development Program (Philippines)
The National Space Promotion, Awareness, and Capabilities Enhancement (SPACE) Development Program, simply known as the National SPACE Development Program (NSDP) is a government program of the Philippines set up to craft a policy for the country's space program and lay the foundation of a future dedicated space agency. The program is made under the Philippine Council for Industry, Energy and Emerging Technology Research and Development (PCIEERD) of the Department of Science and Technology.
The NSDP was created on September 2015 but preliminary work of the team behind the National SPACE Development Program began in 2013 where it was determined that a dedicated space agency needs to be set up to manage the country's space program. Currently the space-related activities of the government are managed and maintained by several government agencies. In 2016, information regarding activities of the NSDP became more available to the public. A cost-benefited study has been conducted by the NSDP regarding the a long-term Philippine space program and has identified potential return of investment (ROI) and investment from such program.
The NSDP scope includes:

Aliso Canyon (disambiguation)
Aliso Canyon may refer to:

Kalashoka
Kalashoka or Kakavarna was the son and successor of Shishunaga.

Laura Russo
Laura Garcia Moreno Russo (Rio de Janeiro, RJ, Brazil, February 20, 1915 - São Paulo, SP, Brazil, April 30, 2001) was a Brazilian librarian who had a fundamental role in the creation and approval of organizations and legislation that would regulate the practice of librarianship in Brazil.
Laura Russo was one of the people responsible for the regulation of the librarian profession. She was the founder and first president of the Federação Brasileira de Associações de Bibliotecários (FEBAB) and of the Conselho Federal de Biblioteconomia (CFB). As a librarian, she worked at the Santa Casa de Misericórdia de São Paulo, at the Academia Paulista de Letras, at the Biblioteca Mário de Andrade, amongst other institutions.
Laura Russo obtained a bachelor's degree in Library Science in 1942 from the Escola Livre de Sociologia e Política. In 1959, she got a degree in Documentation from the same institution. 
In 1958 she got a master's degree in Library and Archival Science from the National Library of Spain.
During the 1960s, she took courses in Library Science in the United States.
In 1975, she obtained a bachelor's degree in Law from the Universidade de São Paulo.
Russo worked as a librarian at Santa Casa from 1942 to 1950, working specifically at the First Surgical Clinic for Women from 1950 to 1952. In 1947 she received an award from the Associação Paulista de Bibliotecários for her work with hospital libraries. In 1951, she founded the circulating library Prof. Celestino Bourroul for the hospital patients.
Russo worked as a librarian for the Municipal Library System of São Paulo. From 1942 to 1959, she worked in the Acquisitions department of the Mário de Andrade Library. From 1959 to 1961, she was the head of the Child Psychology Section of the Monteiro Lobato Library, returning to Mário de Andrade's Acquisition department as chief librarian from 1961 to 1968. In 1968, she became Library Director of Mário de Andrade Library.
From 1955 to 1957, Russo was the librarian at Casa Cervantes, receiving an award from the institution in 1957 for her work.
In 1959, Russo gave a presentation with Rodolfo Rocha Júnior at the II Congresso de Biblioteconomia e Documentação in Salvador, Bahia, that would lead to the creation of the Federação Brasileira de Associações de Bibliotecários (FEBAB). She was nominated as FEBAB's first director in 1961.
Russo worked as editor of FEBAB's bulletin from 1961 to 1970, and as editor for the Revista Brasileira de Biblioteconomia e Documentação from 1973 to 1977.
In 1966, Russo participated in the creation of the Conselho Federal de Biblioteconomia (CFB) and the Regional Councils (Conselhos Regionais). She was elected as CFB's first president.
With the assistance of Maria Helena Brandão, Russo wrote the document that would become the Law 4.084 of 1962, defining the profession of the librarian and regulating its exercise.
Ultimately, the goal of the legislation was to create a market reserve for librarians, guaranteeing that only those with a bachelor's in Library Science could practice the profession. It was believed that this would bring greater visibility and respect for the profession.
n 1962, she received an award from the Associação Paulista de Bibliotecários for her work with Law 4.084/62.
Laura Russo wrote the first version of the Librarian Professional Code of Ethics in 1961. The code would be approved in 1963, achieving legal status in 1966 and falling under the responsibility of CFB.
As a tribute to her professional work, the Regional Council of Librarianship of the State of São Paulo (CRB-8) created the Laura Russo Prize in 1998, that aims to recognize cultural initiatives and encourage the use of the library and library services.

Ms Fisher's MODern Murder Mysteries
Ms Fisher's MODern Murder Mysteries is an Australian television drama series which will screen on the Seven Network in 2019. The series of four telemovies is a spin-off from the drama series Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries, which was based on the on author Kerry Greenwood's series of Phryne Fisher detective novels.
Set in Melbourne in the 1960s, "Ms Fisher's MODern Murder Mysteries" revolves around the personal and professional life of Peregrine Fisher, who inherits a fortune when the famous aunt she never knew goes missing over the highlands of New Guinea. Peregrine sets out to become a world-class private detective in her own right, guided by a group of exceptional women in The Adventuresses' Club, which her aunt was also a member. 
The series has Executive Producers Fiona Eagger and Deb Cox, Producer Beth Frey, Director Fiona Banks and Writers Deb Cox, Samantha Winston, Chelsea Cassio and Jo Martino.

Ken Oberbruner
Kenneth Lewis "Red" Oberbruner (October 5, 1918 – September 6, 1991) was an American basketball and baseball player and college sports coach and adminstrator. He served as the head football coach at Milton College in Milton, Wisconsin from 1948 to
1961, compiling a record of 40–38–2. Oberbruner died on September 6, 1991, at his home in Burlington, Wisconsin.

Paolo Emilio Landi
Paolo Emilio Landi is an Italian theatrical director, journalist, and documentarian. He has filmed worldwide a number of documentaries for RAI (National Italian Broadcasting Company). He directed plays at several different theatres in the US, in Russian Federation and former Soviet Union.
Landi made his professional directing debut with the Italian national premiere of "After Magritte" (1986), by the English author Tom Stoppard. with scenery designed by the American painter Jack Frankfurter. His following production, "The Bald Soprano" by Eugene Ionesco, was performed in Italy, France (Avignon Festival), the USA (Richmond, Virginia), and Russia (Omsk and Saratov).
After the fall of the Berlin Wall he continued his career in former URSS. In 1990 he worked in the previously closed town of Omsk. Omsk Drama Theatre, Russia He was the first director to stage an absurdist play, "The Bald Soprano", in a Russian State Academic Theatre of the USSR.
He went on to stage 30 shows in academic and public theaters in cities throughout Russia and Eastern Europe, including Moscow, Saint Petersburg, Omsk, Samara, Saratov, Riga, Vilnius, Chelyabinsk, Kransoyarsk. and Ufa.
In the late nineties Paolo Emilio Landi traveled to the United States for his production of The Servant of Two Masters by Carlo Goldoni at the Milwaukee Repertory Theater. He then began a long association with the University of Richmond (Virginia) where he has been visiting scholar and instructor of theater and documentary-making. During his time at the university he specialized in creating experimental works with students and faculty.
In 1982 Landi began collaborating with the television program "Protestantesimo" on Raidue (the State Italian Broadcasting Company) as a director, journalist and host. During his time with the 50-year old program, he produced hundreds of news stories, documentaries, musical programs and studio interviews.
In 2001 he became a member of the Order of Journalists of Lazio. He has directed and produced documentaries in Europe, Africa, Asia, and the Americas.
For Rai WORLD, (The Other Italy), he filmed more than 100 portraits of Italians living in South Africa, mostly in the cities of Johannesburg, Cape Town, and Durban.
In 2015 Landi released a documentary on Nelson Mandela, broadcast on Italy’s RAIDUE, as well as France 2, RSI (the Italian Swiss Broadcasting company) and RTS (the French Swiss broadcasting company)
Landi most recent film work includes three documentaries shot in Washington, DC and New York City, USA. They are: L'ultimo giorno (9.11.2001) (The Last Day); So Help Me God (Trump at the White House); 100 giorni di Trump. (Trump’s First Hundred Days).He filmed the last interview with late Winnie Madizikela Mandela.
USA
Russia
Lithuania
Latvia
France
Germany 

O.G. (film)
O.G. is a 2018 American drama film directed by Madeleine Sackler and written by Stephen Belber. The film stars Jeffrey Wright, William Fichtner, Boyd Holbrook, Mare Winningham, David Patrick Kelly and Yul Vazquez.
The film premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 20, 2018. On October 12, 2018, HBO acquired distribution rights to the film.

Henri Jova
Henri Vatable Jova was an American architect and preservationist. With Stanley Daniels and John Busby, he founded Jova/Daniels/Busby, a multidisciplinary design firm based in Atlanta, Georgia which designed several notable projects in Atlanta and throughout the Southeast from 1966 to 2013. Jova is noted for his pioneering support of mixed-use development and interest in the development of Midtown Atlanta.
Jova was born into a prominent European/Caribbean family. His grandfather, Juan Jacinto Jova y Gonzalez-Abreu, had immigrated from Cuba to New York City in 1874 as a sugar broker, then gone into brickmaking around 1884; his father, Juan Louis Jova, was a ceramic engineer and director of the plant. His grandmother, Marie Gabrielle Vatable, originally of Basse-Terre, was a sister of Baron Louis François Vatable, the French governor-general of Guadeloupe. The Marques Sabas Marin, another great-uncle, was governor-general of Cuba and Puerto Rico. His mother, Maria Gonzalez Fernandez Cavada, was the daughter of a Spanish diplomat, and a great-great-niece to Federico Fernández Cavada, commander of the Cuban insurrectionists against Spain in the Ten Years' War.
Jova attended Cornell University, where he joined Lambda Chi Alpha. World War II interrupted his education, and he served in the U.S. Army Combat Engineers in the South Pacific theater. He became a fellow of the American Academy in Rome in 1949, winning its prestigious Rome Prize for architecture in 1951.
He worked as a designer for Harrison & Abramovitz in New York City from 1952 to 1954, then relocated to Atlanta seeking a less frantic lifestyle. He joined his first cousin's firm, Abreu & Robeson, and served as their chief of design from 1954 to 1966.
In 1960, Jova moved to Midtown Atlanta, at the time in decline. Seeing potential in the neighborhood, he became a major promoter, encouraging friends and colleagues to relocate there. He organized the Midtown Neighborhood Association in 1963, and sponsored a home improvement contest, judged by mayor Ivan Allen, Jr., to encourage owners to invest in their properties. Jova himself bought and renovated several properties on Seventh Street and Mentelle Drive.
In 1966, he joined fellow Midtown residents Stanley Daniels and John Busby to form Jova/Daniels/Busby, which became known for fusing classical element with modern designs. 
Jova is well-known for the development of Colony Square at Peachtree Street and 14th, the first mixed-use development in the Southeastern United States, which opened in phases from 1969 to 1973. His design for the Carnegie Education Pavilion in Hardy Ivy Park (1996) and for the Carter Center (1986 and 1993) also received widespread attention. Jova was also lead designer for Atlanta City Hall (1991), Peachtree Road United Methodist Church Sanctuary (2002), the Atlanta Newspapers Building (1971), the Buckhead branch of what is now SunTrust Banks (1987), MARTA North Avenue station (1981), and the Robert Shaw Room for the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra (1983) as well as a number of single family homes and other projects. His work outside Atlanta includes four buildings for Southern Progress Corporation in Birmingham, Alabama (beginning in 1974), Day Butterfly Center at Callaway Gardens (1989); and the First Presbyterian Church in Dalton (1989).
His interior design work includes work for the Academy of Medicine, the corporate headquarters for BellSouth Enterprises, and for Robinson Humphrey Co. at the Atlanta Financial Center. 
Jova stepped down as chair of Jova/Daniels/Busby in 2002. After retirement, he relocated to West Palm Beach, Florida with David Rinehart, his longtime partner, to whom he was wed only a few months before his death.

Aluminium(I)
In chemistry, aluminium(I) refers to monovalent aluminium (+1 oxidation state) in both ionic and covalent bonds. Along with aluminium(II), it is an extremely unstable form of aluminium.
While late Group 3 elements such as thallium and indium prefer the +1 oxidation state, aluminium(I) is rare. Unlike late Group XIII elements, aluminium does not experience the inert pair effect, a phenomenon where valence s electrons are poorly shielded from nuclear charge due to the presence of filled d and f orbitals. As such, aluminium (III) (<chem>Al^3+</chem>) is the much more common oxidation state for aluminium.
Aluminium(I) compounds are both prone to disproportionation and difficult to prepare. At standard conditions, they readily oxidize to the aluminium(III) form.
Al(I) appears to be red, as solutions of AlBr and AlCl in organic solvents are both red. The presence of this color implies a relatively small HOMO/LUMO gap that can be crossed by photons of the green variety.
The geometry of compounds can be determined by analysis of the fine structure of the electronic spectra. Matrix isolation spectroscopy prevents disproportionation of aluminium monohalides and thus allows for the measuring of transitional vibrations as well as reactivity with molecules such as O.
Analysis by Al NMR spectroscopy of AlCl, AlBr, and AlI in toluene/diethyl ether at room temperature reveal two signals: one very broad signal at δ = 100-130 ppm (regardless of the halogen), and one at higher field strength (AlCl: δ = + 30, AlBr: δ = + 50, AlI: δ = + 80). The first signal corresponds to a donor-stabilized four-coordinate aluminium species, while the latter has not yet been assigned.
The aluminium(I) cation reacts with hydrogen halides to form aluminium monohalides (AlF, AlCl, AlBr, AlI). These compounds are only thermodynamically stable at high temperatures and low pressures in the singlet ground state. However, decomposition can be prevented by making disproportionation kinetically unfavorable. Under cold temperatures (below 77K), disproportionation is slow enough that the AlCl solid can be kept for long periods of time.
AlCl is synthesized by reaction of liquid aluminium with gaseous HCl at 1200 K and 0.2 mbar to yield gaseous AlCl and hydrogen gas. At 77K, AlCl is a dark red solid which turns black upon disproportionation at temperatures higher than 180 K. At temperatures under 77 K and dissolved in a matrix of polar and non-polar solvents, it exists as a metastable solution whose reactivity can be studied.AlBr, a red oil, is prepared similarly from liquid aluminium metal and gaseous HBr.
<chem>Al (l) + HCl (g) -> AlCl (g) + 1/2 H2 (g)</chem>
Due to the nature of HF, AlF is synthesized instead by the comproportionation of Al and AlF which are pressed and mixed into pellets. The pellets are then loaded into a graphite furnace and heated to 1050 K.
<chem>AlF (s) + AlF3 (s) -> 2 AlF2 (s)</chem>
Stability increases with mass: while AlCl decomposes at 77 K or above, AlBr remains stable up to 253 K. Remarkably, it has been discovered that at any given temperature, the vapor pressure of AlF is lower than that of other aluminium monohalides.
At room temperature, AlX compounds tend to disproportionate to Al and AlX. When dark red, solid AlCl is allowed to warm up, it turns black to yield aluminium metal and the more stable aluminium (III) chloride salt.
<chem>2 AlCl (s)-> Al (s) +AlCl3 (s)</chem>
The exception is AlBr, which is stable enough at temperatures under -30 C that it comproportionates to AlBr in the presence of AlBr.
<chem>AlBr (s) + AlBr3 (s) -> 2 AlBr2 (s)</chem>
In Lewis base solutions, AlX compounds have a tendency to oligomerize.
Aluminium is not only the most abundant metal in the earth's crust, but also an element of low toxicity. As such, aluminium (I) complexes attract considerable interest. These complexes can be supported by various ligands and used to activate small molecules.
β-diketiminato aluminium alkyls and aluminium halides are synthesized by adding a trialkyl aluminium compound to the initial β-diketiminate ligands, adding iodine, and the reducing with potassium. 
Al(I) compounds exhibit behavior analogous to that of singlet carbenes. Like carbenes, they undergo 1+2 cycloadditions with alkynes and azides to afford three membered ring derivatives such as dialuminacyclohexadiene.
Such aluminium (I) complexes can activate water as well as elemental phosphorus, oxygen, and sulfur to yield bridged dimers. This occurs via partial reduction of the elemental small molecule.
(AlCp*) is produced from the combination of AlCl and MgCp* When vaporized, the long Al-Al bonds split, and monomeric molecules of AlCp* are created.
AlCp* reacts by inserting itself into other bonds. Reaction with AlI yields subvalent halide species; reaction with AstBu yields As-Al bonds. When reacted with transition metal-cyclopentadienyl complexes such as NiCp, it offers a straightforward pathway to compounds containing aluminium-transition metal bonds, which has great potential for important catalytic reactions.
As with other AlR ligands, AlCp* can be regarded as a CO analogue, as it possesses 2 empty π orbitals and engages in similar coordination modes (terminal and bridging).
Aluminium clusters can be formed from Al(I) compounds, namely aluminium monohalides. These clusters are termed "metalloidal clusters" because the number of unbridged metal-metal bonds is greater than the number of localized metal-ligand bonds. On the way to metal formation, intermediates are trapped in the presence of the bulky ligands which substitute the halide atoms. As a result, metal-rich clusters such as AlR are possible and offer insight into solid bulk metal formation.
Tetrahedral aluminium is available from the reaction between aluminium(I) species and organometallic species. These clusters can be made through combinations such as AlCp* and LiR, AlBr and Li(THF)(SiMe) and AlI and NaSiBu.
This method of cluster formation created the only known incidence of an octahedral aluminium cluster, Al(tBu), which was formed by reaction between AlCl and BuLi. Similarly, AlCl and LiN(SiMe) react to form the first known example of a cluster where two M tetrahedra are connected by a common center.
Aluminium is rarely found in its +1 oxidation state in nature due to the immense stability of the +3 oxidation state.
Rotational transitions of AlF and AlCl have been detected in circumstellar shells near IRC +10216. The presence of AlF suggests that fluorine is produced in helium shell flashes instead of explosive nucleosynthesis.

Good Times (Shakey Jake album)
Good Times is an album by blues musician Shakey Jake Harris recorded in 1960 and released on the Bluesville label.
AllMusic reviewer Bill Dahl stated: "The trio located some succulent common ground even without a drummer, Harris keeping his mouth organ phrasing succinct and laying out when his more accomplished session mates catch fire".
All compositions by Jimmy D. Harris (Shakey Jake) 

List of sovereign states by financial assets
This is a list of countries by global financial assets, the total privately owned assets by residents payable in currency, stocks, and bonds. This table is based upon the "Allianz Global Wealth Report 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017".

Apertura 2018 Copa MX Final
The Apertura 2018 Copa MX Final was the final of the Apertura 2018 Copa MX, the thirteenth edition of the Copa MX under its current format and 80th overall organized by the Mexican Football Federation, the governing body of association football in Mexico.
The final was contested in a single leg format between Liga MX clubs Monterrey and Cruz Azul. The match was hosted by Monterrey at Estadio BBVA Bancomer in the Monterrey suburb of Guadalupe on 31 October 2018. The winners earned a spot to face the winners of the Clausura 2019 in the 2019 Supercopa MX.
Due to the tournament's regulations, the higher seed among both finalists during the group stage will host the final, thus Estadio BBVA Bancomer hosted the final. The venue which opened on 2 August 2015 is the newest venue in Liga MX and has been home to Monterrey since the Apertura 2015 season. The venue has previously hosted two Liga MX finals (Clausura 2016 and Apertura 2017) and one Copa MX final (Apertura 2017).
Monterrey has won the tournament twice while Cruz Azul has won it three times. Before reaching this final, the last time Monterrey reached a reached a final of any kind was the previous December when they defeated Pachuca 1–0 to capture the Apertura 2017 Copa MX. Cruz Azul last reached a final back in 2014 where they defeated Toluca 1–1 (on away goals) in the 2013–14 CONCACAF Champions League final.
These two clubs last faced each other in a final back in 2009 when Monterrey won 6–4 on aggregate to capture the Apertura 2009 league title. The clubs also faced each other in the 1969 Copa México Final where Cruz Azul came out victorious.
Monterrey won three, drew once, lost none and scored nine goals during group stage, as they were seeded third. They eliminated Zacatepec in the Round of 16, Querétaro in the quarterfinals, and Pachuca in the semifinals.
Cruz Azul won two, drew one, lost one and scored seven goals during group stage, as they were seeded ninth. They defeated Tijuana in the Round of 16, Juárez in the quarterfinals, and León on penalty kicks in the semifinals.
"Note: In all results below, the score of the finalist is given first."

Caylee (name)
Caylee is a given name. Notable people with the name include:

Flag of the Mordovian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic
The flag of the Mordovian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic was adopted in 1954 by the government of the Mordovian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic. The flag is identical to the flag of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic.
The first Congress of Soviets of the Mordovian ASSR from 22 until 27 December 1934 approved the flag of the Mordovian ASSR by a decree of 27 December.
On August 30, 1937, the Extraordinary 2nd Congress of Councils of the Mordovian ASSR adopted the Constitution of the ASSR. The flag of the Mordovian ASSR was described in article 111, it was a red cloth with golden inscriptions "RSFSR" and "Mordovian ASSR" in Russian, in Erzya and Moksha.
After the new flag of the RSFSR changed in 1954, the flag of the Mordovian ASSR also changed in the same year. 
The extraordinary 9th session of the Supreme Council of the Mordovian ASSR of the 9th convocation, adopted a new Constitution of the Mordovian ASSR on May 30, 1978. The flag, which was described in the Article 158 of the constitution, remained unchanged. By the Decree of the Supreme Council of the Mordovian ASSR, the Statute on the flag of the Mordovian ASSR was introduced, which was amended slightly by the Law of June 3, 1981.
On 7 December 1990, the government of the Mordovian ASSR adopted the Declaration on the Legal Status of the Mordovia, which changed the status of the republic from an ASSR to an SSR. From 1990 and until 1995, when the new flag of Mordovia was introduced, the Mordovian SSR uses its previous flag, but with the inscription "ASSR" being replaced by "SSR".

EnterpriseAlumni
EnterpriseAlumni is a US-based multinational software corporation that makes enterprise software to manage corporate Alumni & Retirees of large organizations. The company was co-founded in 2016 by Emma Sinclair and James Sinclair and includes customers such as P&G, Pearson, SAP, Nestle, HSBC & Lufthansa
SAP aimed to launch a formal Alumni Network in 2016 in an effort to drive recruitment of Gen Z employees, in late 2015 SAP asked custom enterprise software developer EnterpriseJungle to develop the platform atop SAP's custom PaaS "SAP Cloud Platform" and it was launched by SAP CEO Bill McDermott in a press release. EnterpriseJungle was given the rights to the Alumni Application for contract credit.
In 2017 EnterpriseJungle rebranded as EnterpriseAlumni and came to market with existing SAP customers Lufthansa and Bechtel
In 2017 EnterpriseAlumni announced at HRtech that they are no longer exclusive to SAP with partnerships/integrations to all three Core HR platforms (SAP, Workday, Oracle) in partnership with customers Pearson, Aviva, HSBC
As of 2018, EnterpriseAlumni is the worlds largest company serving the corporate alumni market. The corporation operates in Europe, Asia, Africa, the Middle East, North America and South America
EnterpriseAlumni provides services to 501(c) organizations that align with their values at no cost. A majority of the efforts focus on children and refugees given EnterpriseAlumni co-founder Emma Sinclair has been a UNICEF advisor since 2014

Purna Nepali
Purna Nepali (Nepali: पूर्ण नेपाली) (December 19, 1954) is a prominent popular singer and composer of Nepali music. He is also known for his patriotic Nepali songs. His voice range allowed him to 
sing songs of every genre of Nepalese music. He belongs to the first generation of Nepali singers who became professional singers. His songs have also been used in several movies and dramas across the country.
Nepali started his musical career as a singer and musician. He started his career in his early 15. He’s well known for his music, dance and his singing talents only in Kaski District until he’s brought to 
Kathmandu to perform his talents in occasion of the first anniversary of Janakpur Cigarette Factory during 1969 A.D.. His musical works encompass nationalistic/patriotic, spiritual, romantic, 
philosophical, dancing tunes, ballads, musical compositions and thematic songs on environment, sports, scouts, etc. In all this variety he maintains his sensitivity and finesse in captivating and 
maintaining the Nepali touch.
With the partnership of a famous singer Gopal Yonzon helped him more establish himself as one of the most prominent singers in Nepali music history. It was also at this time that new sounds from 
The West, such as by the Beatles and Bob Dylan, were entering and influencing the music of Nepal. To meet these challenges, Purna Nepali in partnership with Gopal Yonzon 
created songs that continue to be popular in Nepal. Songs like Chatima Mero, Hamro Khusi Ko Lagi, Swodeshka Naujawan, Srijana Ko Naulo e.t.c.
Purna Nepali was born to his father Dhaman Singh Kayastha and mother Rebati Kayestha in Batuletar, Pokhara , Kaski on December 31 , 1954 (16 Poush, 2011 B.S.). He completed his primary 
education in his hometown Kaski. Later he did B.A. from Music University of Madhya Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh India.(1983-1985). After that he completed diploma on Kathak Dance from the same 
institution. He has one son and two daughters.
After arriving to capital city Kathmandu from his hometown Kaski, he decided to continue his musical career from Kathmandu. He started performing stage programs with Gopal Yonzon. 
He worked as music and dance instructor to the former Royal Family member including the then crown prince Dipendra Bir Bikram Shah Dev, Shruti Rajya Laxmi Devi Shah Nirajan Bir Bikram Shah Dev, Paras Bir Bikram Shah Dev 
and other royal family members.
Later he continued his teaching career as a music and dance instructor to various renowned educational institution of Nepal including 
Bhanubhakta Memorial Higher Secondary School "(1972-1976)", Birendra Sainik Awasiya Mahavidyalaya "(1996-1998)" and St. Xavier's College for 19 years from 1976 to 1995.
Nepali composed music with many Nepali Film in association with Gopal Yonzon

Carol Joyce Blumberg
Carol Joyce Blumberg is an American statistician whose professional interests include survey methodology, design of experiments, and statistics education.
Blumberg earned bachelor's and master's degrees from the University of Michigan in 1972 and 1974 respectively. She earned a second master's degree at Michigan State University in 1981, and completed her Ph.D. there in 1982.
Blumberg was a statistics professor at Winona State University from 1987 to 2006. 
After her retirement as a professor emerita at Winona State, she worked for the United States Department of Energy from 2006 to 2014.
She was program chair for the Educational Statistics Special Interest Group (SIG) of the American Educational Research Association in 1999–2000, and president of SIG in 2000–2001.
She also led the International Statistical Literacy Project of the International Association for Statistical Education from 2001 to 2006.
Blumberg was chosen to become a Fellow of the American Statistical Association in 2010 "for notable contributions to statistics education at the national and international level; for outstanding teaching, advising and mentoring; for extensive service to the profession; and for contributions to the fields of educational statistics and energy statistics".
She is also an elected member of the International Statistical Institute.

Randy Minniear
Randy Minniear (born December 27, 1943) is a former American football running back. He played for the New York Giants from 1967 to 1969 and for the Cleveland Browns in 1970.

Festival of India
Festival of India refers to the festivals run by the International society for Krishna Consciousness (ISKCON) such as Rath Yatra ‘festival of chariots’, Janmashtami, Diwali and Holi ‘Festival of Colours’. The festivals involve chants, the arts, music, and free vegetarian feasts that can be seen over the world but specifically in the United States (birthplace of ISKCON). ISKCON, commonly referred to as Hare Krishna is a branch of Hindu religiosity.  ISKCON have used the practice of Hindu festivals as an important element of Hare Krishna expression, and is a recognisable feature of their appearance in the public realm. Kirtan is an element that is common to all ISKCON festivals. Kirtan is a process of musical worship, that is accessible for group participation and as described by Edwin Bryant as “Krishna in vibratory form”. The practice of kirtan are melodies, mantras, spiritual texts that proclaim God’s name in his many forms. The ‘Festival of India’ is the International society for Krishna consciousness conveying Indian expression in the global sphere. 
The International society for Krishna Consciousness was founded in New York in 1966 by A.C. Bhakitivendanta Swami Prabhupada. Prabhupada (birth name; Abhay Charan), was born in Calcutta, 1896, and received a European focused education, graduating university with majors in economics, English and philosophy. He committed to a religious journey in 1944 whereby he stated that he has ‘…taken the courage to take up the work.’ In 1965 he migrated to the United States and commenced teachings of the Gita. During his life he completed over 70 volumes on Krishna tradition. ISKCON roots are of Hinduism and focuses on the Gita and Purana which feature Krishna. ISKCON emerged due to the myth of Krishna, Lord Krishna is the eighth avatar of Vishnu, the ‘preserver’. Krishna is the protagonist of Hindi texts, the Mahabharata and the Bhagavata Purana and the Bhagavad Gita. He acts as a counsel during civil wars and is a symbol of peace and a guide on how to achieve inner liberation and freedom. Additionally, he is known to of explored the importance of yoga to spiritual well-being. Krishna is a highly recognised God in the western world partly due the Hare Krishna influence in the west. ISKCON follow Vaishnavism meaning the worship of Vishnu and believe Krishna to be the central of all of Vishnu’s avatars. Vaishnavas believe that the ultimate reality is personal and there their souls are eternal beings whom have forgotten their connection to God. Strong emphasis is placed on chanting as it is believed that this can awaken to the soul to the spiritual realm. 
The festival of Chariots originated in India in a city called Jagannatha Puri. The festival has been used in Vishnu-related traditions in Hinduism along with other traditions such as Daoism. The festival celebrates Lord Krishna return to Vrindavan. Vrindavan is a town in the Mathura district of Uttar Pradesh, India however it is also a symbolic as an eternal spiritual place which encumbers everything and is transcendental. To go to Vrindavan is the act of seeing God himself, as you are enveloped by them.  Vrindavan is where Krishna returned, but Vrindavan is also Krishna himself. This tradition of using a chariot in public procession is an ancient tradition, common in many Asian traditions. The pulling of the chariot symbolises the pulling of the lord into one’s heart.
The festival of the chariots is now celebrated world-wide, in nearly every major city. For example, in San Francisco the festival is celebrated annually. The event causes a city-wide interruption as the festival draws in thousands of people to participate. In 2017 procession wooden carts were rolled through the streets accompanied by the ISKCON chant; “Hare krishna, hare krishna, krishna krishna, hare hare…”. Food and music are essential parts of the festival, as in many ISKCON festivals. Vegetarian food is usually supplied during the festival and well as information on how to become part of the community. The festivals display a connectivity of Indian culture and ethically non-Indian population. Vani Devi Das born in Sacramento, US was brought up within the movement and attends the annual festival. Das makes it a family affair bringing her children. She is an example of the festival of Indian functioning in a western sphere.
"The festival in India" 
The annual Hindu festival Janmashtami is the act of celebrating the birth of Krishna (the eight avatar of Vishnu). It is celebrated in August or September depending on how it aligns with the Gregorian calendar. This festival is a part of Vaishnavism and kirtan culture. During Janmastami there are performances paying homage the Krishna’s life, such as enactments either danced or performed. Chanting is also used throughout the day until midnight- the day Krishna was born. Fasting is used throughout the festival followed by a vegetarian feast, dancing and kirtan. Janmastami is one of the biggest festivals in Hinduism. 
Janmashtami is held by ISKCON members worldwide, but specifically in the United States. For example, in Chicago this festival was held in the ‘Chicago Hare Krishna Temple’. As written about in the India times newspaper 2011 the cultural program of Janmashtami is an Indian expression. It notes when and where the session will be held and that it will be celebrating the appearance of Krishna. It states that the highlight of this event will be the kirtan at midnight, a core practice of ISKCON.
"The festival in India" 
Diwali ‘the festival of lights’ is a multi-day festival that celebrates a spiritual victory. The celebration uses lights to ‘light up’ the darkest moment of the calendar year. Depending on one’s geographical location the date of this annual festival is different. All structures are lit up during the festival including, homes, temples, shops etc. The festival usually lasts for five days, the third day being the climax of the event, partakers wearing their finest clothes. Revelers also partake in feasts, share lollies, gifts, and display fireworks.  The act of the lighting the lamp is aimed to be symbolic as one lets the light of God inside them. Diwali is a significant event in Hindu but also other cultures and religions. 
Diwali is celebrated annually across the globe and is one of the most known Vedic festivals. The festival takes places in places such as ISKCON temples, Times Square, the White House and Disney world.  In 2016 former US president Barrack Obama made a public address about the festival Diwali. San Antonio, Texas is one of the largest city-sponsored celebrations, with over 15000 participating in the event. The event is only one night but provides food, fireworks, entertainment. This celebration has spectator participation from other cultural and religious groups.
The Holi festival or ‘festival of colours’ originates from India. The festival involves  people spraying others with water or dousing each other in colour. All are welcomed to enjoy the festivities.  The festivals roots and reasoning’s are contested, but ISKCON believes the festival was created in homage of the God Krishna. Krishna (the eighth avatar of Vishnu) as myth had it, would playfully spray coloured water over his friends and visa-versa. The festival takes place in February or March and acts as a new year’s, each beginning free or past grievances. 
Holi is celebrated worldwide, including in the United States. It draws thousands of ISKCON members to celebrate the festival to the streets. This festival is known for drawing members of the community beyond the ISKCON circles. In Utah for instance around 65000 people flock to the celebration, held at the Sri Sri Radha Krishna temple. As Sara Brown comments on in her analysis of the festivities in Utah ‘Hare Krishna worshippers and those who do not belong to their faith suggests some rich lines of inquiry regarding the potential for participatory music in a celebratory context to mediate across boundaries of social difference that might otherwise be contentious—between religious groups, between those who identify with Eastern or Western cultures, between the familiar and that which seems foreign.’. The festival gathers people from other cultures notably many Mormons are known to take part in the festival participating in the ideology of kirtan. In Utah Holi includes reggae, rock and dubstep combined with traditional Indian music. This mismatch of culture is an example of Hare Krishna festival as it interacts and therefore is shaped by the cultural context it is situated in. 
Notable points of controversy include:
1.     Cultural tension these festivals have caused outside India. In Singapore the state has been historically hostile towards members of ISKCON. The practice of festival, central to their beliefs, have had to been practiced in different ways such as in personal houses, farms or stadiums. ISKCON expression has taken a different mode when interacting with its culturally situated surroundings. 
2.     Comments on cultural appropriation by spectators. This specifically relates to Holi ‘the festival of colours’.  Some believe that the festival has been stripped of its religious value spectators who participate for non-religious recreational purposes. 
] “About.” ISKCON, n.d. <nowiki>http://www.iskcon.org/about/</nowiki>.
] Brown, Sara Black. “Krishna, Christians, and Colors: The Socially Binding Influence of Kirtan Singing at a Utah Hare Krishna Festival.” "Ethnomusicology" 58, no. 3 (2014): 454–80. <nowiki>https://doi.org/10.5406/ethnomusicology.58.3.0454</nowiki>.
] Brown, Sara Black. “Krishna, Christians, and Colors: The Socially Binding Influence of Kirtan Singing at a Utah Hare Krishna Festival.” "Ethnomusicology" 58, no. 3 (2014): 458. <nowiki>https://doi.org/10.5406/ethnomusicology.58.3.0454</nowiki>.
] Gosvāmī, Satsvarūpa Dāsa. "Srīla Prabhupāda-Līlāmrta: A Biography of His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupāda". Book, Whole. Los Angeles, Calif: Bhaktivedanta Book Trust, 1980. <nowiki>http://usyd.summon.serialssolutions.com/2.0.0/link/0/eLvHCXMwY2AQNtIz0EUrE1BHrrH1C1E2mMNGKAyBXWxDS1NmYLvHAJrrUM7LA1cCboIMLKCNAUIMTKl5wgwcsLW8IgyywUVHVuckKgQUJSZllBYcaUxJ1M0BihxpzAU2bUUZZN1cQ5w9dEHmxUNHS-KToHZaGokxsAB74KkSDAoWlmnAblSiUbJhCqj5kJZkkJSWZmyRZp5kammZkmYqySCG3QwpXBLSDFzA3r4BpC8vw8CaBkxrqbIQr8mB_QkAoydaWg</nowiki>
] “About.” ISKCON, n.d. <nowiki>http://www.iskcon.org/mission/</nowiki>.
] Nault, Derrick. "Asia Journal Of Globa; Studies, Issue 1-2". Universal Publishers, 2012. <nowiki>https://books.google.com.au/books?hl=en&lr=&id=w9EDT1F-ZeUC&oi=fnd&pg=PA92&dq=religious+hindu+festivals+practice+Rath+Yatra+%E2%80%98festival+of+chariots%E2%80%99+&ots=P_djnPdM9M&sig=I1hUeiqUMaFZPLS4J_0Prp1BQSc#v=onepage&q&f=false</nowiki>.
] “Mission.” ISKCON, n.d. <nowiki>http://www.iskcon.org/mission/</nowiki>.
] Lochtefeld, James. G. "The Illustrated Encyclopedia of Hinduism, Volume 1". Vol. 1. The Rosen Publising Group, 2001. <nowiki>https://books.google.com.au/books?hl=en&lr=&id=5kl0DYIjUPgC&oi=fnd&pg=PR6&dq=James+G.+Lochtefeld+(2002).+The+Illustrated+Encyclopedia+of+Hinduism&ots=ZTkN88m98z&sig=K4TwUHQ3HGMxcyYHoUSTOiIfxrA#v=onepage&q=James%20G.%20Lochtefeld%20(2002).%20The%20Illustrated%20Encyclopedia%20of%20Hinduism&f=false</nowiki>.
] Duggan, Tara. “Hindus Celebrate with Festival of Chariots in San Francisco,” n.d. <nowiki>https://www.sfgate.com/bayarea/article/Hindus-celebrate-with-Festival-of-Chariots-in-San-11719166.php</nowiki>.
] Lochtefeld, James. G. "The Illustrated Encyclopedia of Hinduism, Volume 1". Vol. 1. The Rosen Publising Group, 2001. <nowiki>https://books.google.com.au/books?hl=en&lr=&id=5kl0DYIjUPgC&oi=fnd&pg=PR6&dq=James+G.+Lochtefeld+(2002).+The+Illustrated+Encyclopedia+of+Hinduism&ots=ZTkN88m98z&sig=K4TwUHQ3HGMxcyYHoUSTOiIfxrA#v=onepage&q=James%20G.%20Lochtefeld%20(2002).%20The%20Illustrated%20Encyclopedia%20of%20Hinduism&f=false</nowiki>.
] “Chicago Hare Krishna Temple to Host Janmashtami Celebration.” "New India Times", September 19, 2011.
] Pramodkumar. "Meri Khoj Ek Bharat Ki". Lulu.com, n.d. <nowiki>https://books.google.com.au/books?id=6A9EZRQIT9kC&pg=PA109&redir_esc=y&hl=en#v=onepage&q&f=false</nowiki>.
] “Diwali SA.” Anuja SA, n.d. <nowiki>https://www.anujasa.com/our-pillars/diwali-sa/</nowiki>.
] Lochtefeld, James. G. "The Illustrated Encyclopedia of Hinduism, Volume 1". Vol. 1. The Rosen Publising Group, 2001. <nowiki>https://books.google.com.au/books?hl=en&lr=&id=5kl0DYIjUPgC&oi=fnd&pg=PR6&dq=James+G.+Lochtefeld+(2002).+The+Illustrated+Encyclopedia+of+Hinduism&ots=ZTkN88m98z&sig=K4TwUHQ3HGMxcyYHoUSTOiIfxrA#v=onepage&q=James%20G.%20Lochtefeld%20(2002).%20The%20Illustrated%20Encyclopedia%20of%20Hinduism&f=false</nowiki>.
] Brown, Sara Black. “Krishna, Christians, and Colors: The Socially Binding Influence of Kirtan Singing at a Utah Hare Krishna Festival.” "Ethnomusicology" 58, no. 3 (2014): 454–80. <nowiki>https://doi.org/10.5406/ethnomusicology.58.3.0454</nowiki>.
] Brown, Sara Black. “Krishna, Christians, and Colors: The Socially Binding Influence of Kirtan Singing at a Utah Hare Krishna Festival.” "Ethnomusicology" 58, no. 3 (2014): 456. <nowiki>https://doi.org/10.5406/ethnomusicology.58.3.0454</nowiki>.
] Brown, Sara Black. “Krishna, Christians, and Colors: The Socially Binding Influence of Kirtan Singing at a Utah Hare Krishna Festival.” "Ethnomusicology" 58, no. 3 (2014): 454–80. <nowiki>https://doi.org/10.5406/ethnomusicology.58.3.0454</nowiki>.
] SEBASTIAN, Rodney, and Ashvin PARAMESWARAN. “Hare Krishnas in Singapore: Agency, State, and Hinduism.” "Sojourn: Journal of Social Issues in Southeast Asia" 23, no. 1 (2008): 63–85. <nowiki>https://doi.org/10.1355/SJ23-1C</nowiki>.
] Ertelt, Sarah. “Cultural Appropriation in America Holi Restivals.” "The Prindle Post- Ethics in News and Culture, Explained", 2017. <nowiki>https://www.prindlepost.org/2017/04/cultural-appropriation-american-holi-festivals/</nowiki>.
----]Maybe put in a different section?
]Maybe move this to a different section. Doesn’t really belong in the history part. 
]Including?

Mikheil Kajaia
Mikheil Kajaia (; ; ) is a Georgian-born Serbian Greco-Roman wrestler. 
Representing Georgia, Kajaia participated in the 2013 Summer Universiade and he won the bronze medal in the 96 kg event. He was part of the Georgian Wrestling Team at the 2015 European Games but lost to Italian Daigoro Timoncini at the 1/8 finals. 
In 2017, Kajaia started to wrestle for Serbia. He entered the 2017 European Wrestling Championships in Novi Sad, Serbia but defeated by the Olympic champion Artur Aleksanyan in the second round. One year later, he won his first European medal, a silver, in Kaspiysk, Russia. He reached the final at 97 kg but lost to Artur Aleksanyan again with a score of 0-7. At the 2018 Mediterranean Games in Tarragona, Spain, he lost to the eventual champion, Frenchman Mélonin Noumonvi, in the semifinals but still successfully grabbed a bronze medal. Kajaia later won his first world bronze medal in Budapest, Hungary. In the bronze-medal match, Kajaia faced former world champion and home favourite Balázs Kiss. Kajaia trailed 0-3 after the first period but managed a turnaround by winning on criteria with a four-point arm throw. 

Yanami
Yanami (written: 八並 or 八奈見) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Mouth Harp Blues
Mouth Harp Blues is an album by blues musician Shakey Jake Harris recorded in 1960 and released on the Bluesville label the following year.
AllMusic reviewer Bill Dahl stated: "When Harris returned to New Jersey later that same year to wax his Bluesville encore, he brought along fellow Chicagoan Jimmie Lee Robinson as his guitarist. A full rhythm section was used this time (New York cats all), but the overall approach was quite a bit closer to what he was used to hearing on Chicago's West side".
All compositions by Jimmy D. Harris (Shakey Jake) except where noted 

Zürich–Zug–Lucerne Railway
The Zürich–Zug–Luzern Railway (Zürich-Zug-Luzern-Bahn) is a former railway company that built railway lines in the Swiss cantons of Zürich, Zug and Lucerne from the 1860s. It was absorbed by the Swiss Federal Railways (SBB) in 1902. Its lines now form the Zürich–Zug railway (via Affoltern) and the Zug–Lucerne railway.
In 1857, Federal Councilor Jakob Stämpfli established the Schweizerische Ostwestbahn (East-West Railway, OWB), which was intended to implement a second railway line through the Central Plateau in direct competition with the Swiss Central Railway ("Schweizerische Centralbahn", SCB). The Basle-based SCB had acquired licenses to build and operate railways in Aarau, Lucerne, Bern and Biel and controlled the rail traffic in the Central Plateau. The OWB was to compete as a Bern-based railway company in direct competition with the SCB.
The OWB projected a railway line from La Neuveville via Biel, Bern, Langnau im Emmental, Lucerne and Zug to Zürich and began construction without securing the funding for the line. The OWB was only able to open a line between Frienisberg (in Le Landeron) and Biel on 3 December 1860 before going bankrupt. In April 1861, the canton of Bern founded the Bernische Staatsbahn (Bern State Railways, BSB), which took over the bankrupt OWB on 1 June 1861. The BSB completed the projects in the canton of Bern that construction had commenced on in 1864.
the Swiss Northeastern Railway ("Schweizerische Nordostbahn", NOB) took over the planning and concession for the Zürich–Zug–Lucerne line from the OWB's bankrupt estate. The Zürich-based NOB created a subsidiary called the "Zürich-Zug-Lucerne railway" (ZZL) and, after minor revisions of the project, began building the line.
Basically planned as a single route, the topography allowed the low-cost connection to Zug only by means of a branch line, which was connected at Kollermühle by means of a large triangular junction ("wye"). The Altstetten–Zug and Kollermühle–Gütsch sections and the Knonau-Cham connecting curve were put into operation together by the ZZL on 1 June 1864. The triangular junction allowed the direct connection of the Zürich–Zug, Zug–Lucerne and Lucerne–Zürich lines.
Altstetten station was redesigned as a Keilbahnhof (a station located between branching tracks) for the connection of the ZZL to the NOB’s Zürich–Brugg line and a new station building was built to plans by Jakob Friedrich Wanner. The same architect was responsible for the design of Zug station which was located on today's Bundesplatz and had a track triangle for turning trains.
The ZZL route ended at the Untergrund yard where it connected with the Lucerne–Emmenbrücke(–Olten) line opened by the SCB in 1859, which had to be used to reach Lucerne station, which also belonged to the SCB. The approach to Lucerne changed again to join at the new Fluhmühle yard in August 1875, when the line of the Bern-Luzern Railway ("Bern-Luzern-Bahn", BLB) from Langnau im Emmental was opened along with a new entrance to the station by the 317 metre-long Gibraltar tunnel.
As the Swiss private railways were already in a weak financial situation, an economic crisis in the 1870s brought railway construction to a standstill. However, construction of the Gotthard Railway ("Gotthardbahn", GB) commenced after 1869. The SCB and NOB established the Aargau Southern Railway ("Aargauische Südbahn", ASB) to build an access route; this reached Rotkreuz station on the ZZL from Muri on 1 December 1881. On 1 June 1882, the ASB also opened the Brugg–Hendschiken(–Muri) and Rotkreuz–Immensee lines and the GB opened the Immensee–Arth-Goldau–Göschenen line, allowing continuous operations over the Gotthard.
The ASB allowed the SCB to operate direct movements via Olten and Aarau to Immensee to the provisional starting point of the Gotthard Railway and the NOB could also operate direct movements via Brugg. Trains running via the ZZL from Zurich and Zug had to reverse in Rotkreuz, but trains running from Lucerne could run directly on to the Gotthard Railway. The building of direct approaches from Zürich and Lucerne to the Gotthard Railway, namely the (Zürich–)Thalwil–Zug (NOB), the Zug–Arth-Goldau (GB) and the Lucerne–Immensee (GB) lines, was delayed. At their opening, the ZZL would lose its legal independence.
On 1 January 1892, the ZZL was completely taken over by its parent company NOB. At the federal level, meanwhile, negotiations continued on the nationalisation of the private railways, the proposal to buy up the SCB had still not been formally discussed in 1891, but the number of advocates of a state railway company in the councils steadily increased.
On 1 November 1896, the SCB again changed the approach to Lucerne as part of the construction of the second Lucerne station; the platform area of the station was turned around 90 degrees to face south and the approach was rebuilt to run through two new tunnels, called Schönheim and Gütsch, allowing the removal of all level crossings in the city. After only 21 years of use, the Gibraltar Tunnel was made superfluous and was the third Swiss railway tunnel to be abandoned; until 1981 it was the longest abandoned railway tunnel in Switzerland.
The Gotthard Railway’s access lines were finally completed on 1 June 1897, exactly 15 years after the opening of the Gotthard Railway. The Lucerne–Immensee line of the GB was introduced as a parallel line to the SCB with its own platform in Lucerne station.
In preparation for the opening of the Thalwil–Arth-Goldau railway by the NOB and GB, Zug station was relocated and a new station building was built—the old station building was moved to Wollishofen. The second station was built between the diverging lines and the wye junction was replaced by the so-called Zug loop. The Zug loop itself was closed in 1990 with the introduction of the Zürich S-Bahn.
Trains running via the ZZL line from Zürich entered the station via the loop from the north; it was possible to run towards Arth-Goldau or continue on the ZZL line to Lucerne. For the latter possibility, a parallel track between Chollermüli (Kollermühle) and Zug was opened on 18 December 1897 so that trains on the ZZL route could run from Cham via the southern track to the station, the loop and back by the northern track to Knonau (and vice versa), allowing Zug Station to be served.
In the course of 1897 the Federal Council also passed the so-called Repurchase Act ("Rückkaufsgesetz") to be put to a referendum; this law, which was to form the basis of the Swiss Federal Railways (SBB), was put a referendum in 1898 and was adopted by a two-thirds majority. The nationalisation of the NOB took place formally on 1 January 1902; this included the transfer of the line of the former ZZL to the ownership of the SBB.
The Zürich–Zug railway runs through the former Knonaueramt (now the district of Affoltern), giving it the colloquial name of the "Knonauer-Strecke" (Knonau line). Its importance as an approach line to the Gotthard was lost with the opening of the Thalwil–Arth-Goldau railway in 1897. The direct Zürich–Lucerne trains now use the route via Thalwil, so that this branch of the line became a secondary line without through traffic. With the introduction of the Zürich S-Bahn, the line has been somewhat revived and some improvements have been made as a result of increasing passenger traffic.
The line between Zug and Lucerne has not been fully developed to two tracks. Above all, the single-track section along the Rotsee and the single-track Friedtal Tunnel and the subsequent single-track Reus Bridge, are now considered bottlenecks. Various variants are currently being tested for the upgrade of these sections in connection with the redevelopment of Lucerne station.
The Baar Zug-Schutzengel section was significantly upgraded for the introduction of the Zug S-Bahn.

Saint Sarkis Church of Tabriz
Saint Sarkis Church (, "Surp Sarkis Yekeghetsi") is an Armenian Apostolic Church in the Banvan neighborhood of Tabriz, Iran. St. Sarkis was built with funding from the Petrossian family. Built in 1845, the church is in the courtyard of Tamarian Armenian school building, which was extended out to add the Sahakian School. The Haykazyan school was located across from these, but was closed after being damaged in the Iran-Iraq war.

Kumakura
Kumakura (written: 熊倉) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Conoble, Mossgiel
Conoble, New South Wales is a civil parish and a rural locality of Far West, New South Wales.
Conoble is located at 32º 53' 23.96" S 144º 46' 9.6" E, 778km from Sydney, west of the nearest town, Roto but within the boundaryof the locality of Ivanhoe, New South Wales. Conoble is between the Lachlan and Darling Rivers in New South Wales, Australia. It is located within the Central Darling Shire local government area and is on the Broken Hill railway line.
The parish and locality are within the traditional lands of the Wangaibon people, and today are within in Central Darling Shire.
The Australian Bureau of Meteorology classify this area as the Hot Dry Zone (with cooler winters). Places in this zone can be very hot in the summer months while in the winter, nights can be very cold. Because of the hot and arid climate there are no towns within Conoble although a now disused Railway platform was operated from 1919 until 1986. the nearest railway station is now at Ivanhoe, 50 kilometers to the west.
The ephemeral Conoble Lake is a main feature of the landscape.
Conoble is 97.2 meters above Sea level.

Tatsukawa
Tatsukawa (written: 達川 or 立川) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Katamoto Station
Katamoto Station features a single platform serving one track.
The station opened on November 11, 1911, along with the rest of the Shido Line.

Virginia Lesser
Virginia Marie Lesser is an American biostatistician and environmental statistician known for her research on non-sampling error, survey methodology, and agricultural applications of statistics. She is a professor of statistics and chair of the statistics department at Oregon State University.
Lesser completed her Ph.D. in biostatistics in 1992 at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Her dissertation, "A Comparison of Periodic Survey Designs Employing Multi-Stage Sampling", was supervised by William D. Kalsbeek.
At Oregon State, she has been Director of the Survey Research Center since 1993.
She became the first woman promoted to full professor in statistics at Oregon State, in 2009.
Lesser became a Fellow of the American Statistical Association in 2010.
She is also an elected member of the International Statistical Institute.

Flight 610
Flight 610 may refer to:

Phiravich Attachitsataporn
Phiravich Attachitsataporn (; born 5 March 1998), nicknamed Mean () is a Thai television actor and model. He is best known for his roles as Tin in the 2018 Thai television drama "Love by Chance".
Phiravich was born on 5 March 1998 in Chachoengsao, Thailand. He was once the president of the youth in his hometown, Chachoengsao. At the time of its management, its members were only 20-30 members. He graduated Faculty of journalism and Mass communication from Thammasat University.
Mean made his acting debut with a gust role in the Thai BL series Love Sick: The Series Season 2 (2015) in 2015, a talent-searching and reality TV programme produced by Channel 9.
In 2016, He then starred supprting role as Tonson in the thai drama series I Love The Fat Guy 2 (2016) and Make It Right: The Series (2016) where he played the role as Champ.
Mean rose to fame with his role as Tin in the 2018 Thai BL drama series Love by Chance (2018) which aired on LINE TV and GMM 25 in August 3, 2018. In November it was announced that Mean was casted in the Mono29 movie "Blood Valentine" playing a police officer.

Adrian Walsh
Adrian J. Walsh (born 1963) is an Australian philosopher and Professor of Philosophy at the University of New England (Australia).
He is known for his expertise on political philosophy, philosophy of economics and applied ethics.
Walsh is an Associate Editor of the "Journal of Applied Philosophy".

Tamaoki
Tamaoki (written: 玉置) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:
