Vermont Terrace is a heritage-listed residence at located 63-65 Lower Fort Street, in the inner city Sydney suburb of Millers Point in the City of Sydney local government area of New South Wales, Australia. The property was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
Millers Point is one of the earliest areas of European settlement in Australia, and a focus for maritime activities. This property is one of a pair of early Federation polychrome brick houses.
Two storey, four bedroom early Federation face brick house with attic and basement. Steeply pitched trussed timber gable to the street. Tall chimney. Highly decorative brickwork around door and windows, decorative stone sill to ground floor window. Storeys: Two; Construction: Polychrome face brick, slate, cast iron lace, and spear fence. Painted timber joinery. Style: Federation Arts and Crafts.
The external condition of the property is good.
External: External timber work modified.
As at 23 November 2000, this early Federation polychrome brick terrace house is an important streetscape element.
It is part of the Millers Point Conservation Area, an intact residential and maritime precinct. It contains residential buildings and civic spaces dating from the 1830's and is an important example of 19th century adaptation of the landscape.
Vermont Terrace was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.

2019 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament
The 2019 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament will be held from May 21 through May 26 at Durham Bulls Athletic Park in Durham, North Carolina. The annual tournament determines the conference champion of the Division I Atlantic Coast Conference for college baseball. The tournament champion will receive the league's automatic bid to the 2019 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament. This is the last of 19 athletic championship events held by the conference in the 2018–19 academic year.
The tournament has been held every year but one since 1973, with Clemson winning ten championships, the most all-time. Georgia Tech has won nine championships, and defending champion Florida State has won eight titles since their entry to the league in 1992. Charter league member Duke, along with recent entrants Virginia Tech, Boston College, Pittsburgh, Notre Dame and Louisville have never won the event.
The winner of each seven team division and the top ten other teams based on conference winning percentage, regardless of division, from the conference's regular season will be seeded one through twelve. Seeds one and two are awarded to the two division winners. Teams are then divided into four pools of three teams each, with the winners advancing to single elimination bracket for the championship.

Richard Chandler (wool-stapler)
Richard Chandler (died 1810) was a wealthy wool-stapler of Gloucester.
In 1750, he had Winston Hall built for him in Constitution Walk, Gloucester, now a grade II* listed building. The house remained in the Chandler family until 1876. He was one of the original subscribers to the Gloucester and Sharpness Canal in 1792.
His will is held by the National Archives in Kew.

2019 Big 12 Conference Baseball Tournament
The 2019 Big 12 Conference Baseball Tournament will be held from May 22 through May 26 at Chickasaw Bricktown Ballpark in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. The annual tournament determines the conference champion of the Division I Big 12 Conference for college baseball. The winner of the tournament will earn the league's automatic bid to the 2019 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament.
The tournament has been held since 1997, the inaugural year of the Big 12 Conference. Among current league members, Texas has won the most championships with five. Among original members, Kansas State has never won the event. Baylor won their first champinship in 2018. Iowa State discontinued their program after the 2001 season without having won a title. Having joined in 2013, TCU won their first title in 2014 while West Virginia has yet to win the Tournament.
The top eight finishers from the regular season will be seeded one through eight, and will then play a two-bracket double-elimination tournament leading to a winner-take-all championship game.

Nik Omar Nik Abdul Aziz
Nik Omar bin Nik Abdul Aziz (born 30 April 1965) is a Malaysian politician and a teacher. Nik Omar contested in 2018 Malaysia general election for Chempaka.

Victoria Rakhmatulina
Victoria Rakhmatulina (Born September 21, 1992, Zelenograd) — Russian model, blogger and fitness instructor.
Victoria Rakhmatulina was born September 21, 1992 in Russian town Zelenograd. She studied at Zelenograd's schools № 853, 804 and 1810. In 2010 - 2012 she studied at Moscow state University of design and technology as social anthropology specialist. In 2012 she moved to Moscow state University of ecology and political science, which she graduated in 2016 at specialization of "Advertisement and public relations".
In 2015 she graduated the courses of Fitness Professionals Association (FPA), then she used to work as a fitness instructor for a while.
She has been in a civil marriage since 2016. Has no children.
Since 2017 she leads her blog @viksi666 at Instagram, making posts on relationships and fitness, and erotic phootosets. By November 2018 she has 322 thousand subscribers.
She became popular by making provocative videos, for example, about the tax rises and pension reform (in Russia), which she explained with a dildo and a Deep-throating method.
Filmed in a video with famous Russian actor Aleksei Panin.
Victoria also leads fitness-marathons and she heads a School of female sex skills.
In 2018 she was signed by Russian publishing house «Eksmo» as an author of a book series.

Dendrobium tozerense
Dendrobium tozerense, commonly known as the white gemini orchid, is an epiphytic or lithophytic orchid in the family Orchidaceae. It has thin, wiry stems, stiff leaves and pairs of star-shaped, white flowers. It grows in rainforest in tropical North Queensland.
"Dendrobium tozerense" is an ephiphytic or lithophytic herb that has crowded wiry stems long and about wide. The leaves are scattered along the stems and are light green, linear to lance-shaped, long and wide. The flowers are white, arranged in pairs in leaf axils and are resupinate, star-shaped and long and wide. The dorsal sepal is long, about wide and the lateral sepals are long, about wide. The sepals and petals are long, about wide, thin and pointed. The labellum is long, about wide, has a few scattered hairs and three lobes. The side lobes are erect, rounded triangluar and the middle lobe has a blunt tip and crinkled edges. Flowering occurs sporadically throughout the year.
"Dendrobium tozerense" was first formally described in 1977 by Bill Lavarack from a specimen collected from Tozer's Gap on Cape York Peninsula and the description was published in the journal "Austrobaileya".
The white gemini orchid grows on trees and rocks in rainforest and on cliffs near waterfalls on some Torres Strait Islands and south on the Cape York Peninsula to the Iron Range and Tully.

Regency Townhouses
Regency Townhouses is a heritage-listed former residence and now boarding house located at 57-61 Lower Fort Street, in the inner city Sydney suburb of Millers Point in the City of Sydney local government area of New South Wales, Australia. The property was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
Millers Point is one of the earliest areas of European settlement in Australia, and a focus for maritime activities. This building is one of a group of fine Victorian Regency terraces based on the London model. First tenanted by Department of Housing in 1985.
Three storey Regency townhouse with basement based on the London model, set back from street and enclosed by cast iron fence. Classic ionic entrance portico. Boarding house with 3*1 bedroom units and 2*2 bedroom units. Storeys: Three; Construction: Painted rendered masonry, corrugated galvanised iron roof. Spear fence. Style: Victorian Regency.
The external condition of the property is good.
External: Windows and fanlight altered.
As at 23 November 2000, this building is a group of three Regency style townhouses based on London model of three storeys with basements, which are in almost intact exterior condition.
It is part of the Millers Point Conservation Area, an intact residential and maritime precinct. It contains residential buildings and civic spaces dating from the 1830's and is an important example of 19th century adaptation of the landscape.
Regency Townhouses was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.

Tempeln
Tempeln, also known as Meine Tante – Deine Tante, Naschi Waschi, Stoß and Süßmilch, is a very simple historical, German, gambling card game played with French playing cards. It differs from the more complex Basset and Faro in that it omits aspects such as lappé, paroli, etc. 
The names "Tempeln" and "Meine Tante – Deine Tante" refer to the 52-card game, the latter being more prevalent today. In Austria-Hungary, where the game was played with a 32-card Piquet pack, it was called "Naschi Waschi". The 32-card game in the rest of the German Empire was referred to as "Süßmilch".
A temple-like shape (hence the name) is usually chalked on the table to form a betting layout with as many 'fields' as there are different cards. For example, if Whist cards are used, thirteen fields are are needed (for the Two to Ace); if Piquet cards are used, only 8 fields are needed.
The banker then draws the cards as in Faro. To the left the bank wins, to the right the punters win.

Tess Amorim
Tess Amorim Coelho (born September 15, 1994) is a Brazilian actress. She is best known for the short film "Eu Não Quero Voltar Sozinho" and the film "Hoje Eu Quero Voltar Sozinho", in which she played Giovana.

O Thiam Chin
O Thiam Chin (born 8 December 1977) is a Singaporean author. Many of his stories explore themes of heartbreak and gay male sexuality.
O was born into a family of Mandarin-speaking hawkers. He studied English and literature at Ang Mo Kio Secondary School, but only barely passed these subjects in his O-Level examinations. Unsure of his future career prospects, he pursued a diploma in mechatronics at Temasek Polytechnic.
During National Service, he began to read authors such as Raymond Carver and Banana Yoshimoto, whom he still regards as great influences. Later, he worked in a telecommunications company, then joined Mediacorp as a marketing and communications executive. In 2000, he took up a part-time course in English language and literature at the Singapore Institute of Management. This experience inspired him to begin writing fiction.
After this, he began writing for magazines and online media, even writing and directing a short film. He became a full-time writer in 2005, and self-published his first collection, "Free-Falling Man", in 2006. He has been featured three times on the longlist of the Frank O’Connor Short Story Award: in 2010 for "Never Been Better", in 2012 for "The Rest of Your Life and Everything That Comes with It", and in 2014 for "Love, or Something like Love". His stories have also been featured in numerous journals, such as Asia Literary Review, Kyoto Journal, The Jakarta Post, , QLRS, Karavan, Asia Writes. 
His debut novel, "Now That It's Over", explores the heartbreak and trauma of two Singaporean couples, one gay and one straight, before and after the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami. It was the winner of the inaugural Epigram Books Fiction Prize in 2015. His second novel, "Fox Fire Girl", looks at a mysterious young woman and the self-destructive men who love her. It was shortlisted for the same award in 2016.
O is also an avid marathon runner, completing at least one full marathon every year.

Witchekan Lake First Nation
Witchekan Lake First Nation is a Cree First Nation in Saskatchewan, Canada. Their reserves include:

Kevin Martens Wong
Kevin Martens Wong Zhi Qiang (simplified Chinese: 黄智强; born October 1, 1992) is a Singaporean writer and linguist.
Wong was born in Singapore in 1992, the eldest son of a Chinese-Peranakan father and a Portuguese-Eurasian mother. He is a nephew of Melanie Martens, a 1993 Southeast Asian Games gold medallist and a great-great-great-grandson of Edwin Tessensohn, the first Eurasian on the Straits Settlements legislative council in colonial Singapore.
Wong attended St Joseph's Institution and Catholic Junior College, and went on to study linguistics at the National University of Singapore, graduating in 2017 with First Class Honours. He then trained as a teacher at the National Institute of Education, teaching for various periods at Chua Chu Kang Secondary School, Beatty Secondary School and Catholic High School.
Wong is the founder of "Unravel", an online magazine focusing on language and linguistics issues, and the founder and director of Kodrah Kristang, a grassroots movement seeking to revitalise Kristang, an endangered creole language in Singapore and one of Wong's heritage languages. He is also a sitting member of the CoLang Advisory Circle, providing stewardship for CoLang, a biannual training institute in field linguistics and language documentation for linguists, fieldworkers, students, members of indigenous language communities and other individuals interested in community-based language work.
In 2015, Wong won the National University of Singapore Literary Society's Creative Writing Competition with a science fiction short story titled "A Merlion for His Majesty". He developed this tale into a novel, titled "Altered Straits," drawing on concepts of parallel universes, artificial intelligence, Southeast Asian steampunk and genetically engineered merlions. Loosely based on his experiences in National Service, it qualified for the Epigram Books Fiction Prize longlist and was published by Epigram Books in 2017.
"Altered Straits" has received positive reviews for its "polished prose and stunning feats of world-building". Wong is currently working on a second novel.
In 2015, Wong was researching endangered languages in the Southeast Asian region when he came across Kristang for the first time, having previously been unaware of its existence. Wong discovered that the Portuguese creole had been spoken by his maternal grandparents in their childhood, but that his mother had not learned the language as a child (therefore also not passing the language on to him). Intrigued, Wong spent two months learning Kristang from older Kristang speakers in Singapore, and then, at the impetus of one of his collaborators, Bernard Mesenas, began offering free classes in Kristang in collaboration with Mesenas in March 2016. Rising demand for the classes resulted in Wong organising them into a full initiative called Kodrah Kristang ('Awaken, Kristang') and developing a 30-year revitalization plan for the language in Singapore. 
Wong's Kodrah Kristang initiative went on to achieve national and international recognition in a relatively short time, organising Singapore's first Kristang Language Festival in May 2017 and launching a Kristang Online Dictionary and a Kristang board game called "Ila-Ila di Sul" ("The Southern Islands"). About 400 students have attended Kodrah Kristang classes as of March 2018. Wong was further recognised for his efforts to revive Kristang with the President of Singapore's Volunteer and Philanthropy Award for Youth in November 2017.
!Year
!Award
!Awarding Body

TaharQa and Tunde Ra Aleem
TaharQa and Tunde Ra Aleem (Feb. 14th 1946 - Aug. 14th 2014), formerly known as Albert and Arthur Allen, were American musicians, producers, authors, and entrepreneurs who were originally based out of Harlem, NY and became known for being close friends and musical collaborators with Jimi Hendrix. They are also noted for starting NIA Records to launch their groundbreaking club/dance hits Hooked on Your Love and Release Yourself. This same independent record label would also be pivotal in kick starting the careers of several legendary hip-hop artists, namely Marley Marl and the Wu-Tang Clan. After the death of his twin Tunde Ra in 2014, TaharQa still continues to be active in humanitarian efforts through his Hip-Hop for Humanity organization.
TaharQa (Albert Raymond Allen) and Tunde Ra (Arthur Russell Allen) Aleem were born in Harlem New York on February 14, 1946 to William Austin Allen and Dorothy Phoenix album. The two twins were inseparable growing up and got a first-class musical education on the streets of Harlem, namely the world-famous Apollo theater. Those rich cultural experiences of seeing the world's greatest R&B/soul acts along with the musical talents of their mother Dorothy, propelled the Allen twins to pursue music in various singing groups. It was one of Harlem's most notorious gangsters and entrepreneurs, Jack "Fat Man" Taylor, who gave the twins their first break, as he signed their group, the International GTO’s to his independent record label, Rojac Records. The GTO’s never made it big on Rojac Records, but they had the opportunity to learn how to run an independent record label. This on the job training would prove to be most valuable later in life. During their time at Rojac Records, the twins had the opportunity to rub elbows with talented and creative people like Clarence “Blowfly” Reid, who was an in-house writer and producer for Rojac Records. When things didn’t work out for Reid in New York, he moved back to his hometown in Miami and became a highly successful writer/producer/ and artist, who was essential to the early Miami music scene at TK Records.
It was also through Fat Man that the twins would meet Lithofayne (Faye) Pridgeon, a close friend and love interest of Jimi Hendrix. Originally, it was Faye’s intention to use Arthur (Tunde Ra) to evict Jimi Hendrix from the apartment of her friend June Vasquenza (Maria Gurrero/Pantera) by convincing Arthur to marry June to rectify her status as an illegal alien from Mexico. Instead of kicking Jimi out, the twins bonded immediately with him over their shared passion of music. The Allen twins became lifelong friends with Jimi for the duration of his life, both before and after his rise to the top of the music world, even recording with him several times.
The twins befriended Jimi Hendrix before he went to Europe and became a superstar. To keep himself grounded, Jimi always made it his business to stay connected with his friends from Harlem upon his return to the States, even as one of rock’s largest luminaries. Jimi’s friendship with the twins, would eventually lead to musical collaborations. The twins, musically known as the Ghetto Fighters (a name suggested by Hendrix), would record background vocals on Jimi's songs like Dolly Dagger, Freedom, and Izabella. Jimi also lent his progressive electric guitar skills to a song the twins recorded in June 1969 at Fame Studios in Muscle Shoals, Alabama called Mojo Man. Jimi overdubbed his guitar parts later in August 1970 at Electric Lady Studios. This was all part of a larger plan for Jimi to help the twins produce the Ghetto Fighters album, which he called a “street opera.” The twins were featured as background vocalists on at least four (not counting compilations and reissues) Jimi Hendrix posthumous albums: Cry of Love, Rainbow Bridge, War Heroes, and People, Hell and Angels.
The twins wanted to promote a Harlem concert to showcase Jimi to the Black community. Jimi in turn, wanted to show his appreciation to the genesis of his New York musical roots. The original plan was for Jimi to do the benefit concert for the humanitarian crisis in Biafra (Nigeria) at the Apollo, but the owner, George Schiffman declined the offer. Instead, plans were made to perform an outdoor benefit concert for the United Block Association (UBA) on the corner of Lenox Avenue and 138/139th St. Before the concert took place on September 5th ,1969, Jimi made the big announcement at a televised press conference at Smalls’ Paradise in Harlem. Unfortunately, most of the reporters were more interested in asking questions about his legendary performance at Woodstock, which occurred less than a month earlier in August.
The benefit concert was supported by artists on Fat Man’s Rojac Records. Artists like Big Maybelle, Chuck-a-Luck, and LTD, with a young Jeffrey Osborne on drums, warmed the Harlem crowd up for the big finale of Jimi Hendrix, Billy Cox, Jerry Velez, Mitch Mitchell, and Larry Lee. This was the same lineup that Jimi used at Woodstock, called Gypsy, Sun and Rainbows. The concert was set to be filmed professionally, but the person that was paid to film the concert didn't realize how big of a star Jimi was and ran out of film in the process of recording the other acts. This left only a few seconds of film before Jimi began his set. All that remains of that historic night are seconds of a video of Jimi plugging into his amps, pictures taken by few professional photographers, and a horrible distorted audio recording that's pretty much unlistenable. 
By most eyewitness accounts, the Harlem crowd was slow to warm up to Jimi, with someone even throwing an object on stage. Once Jimi got into his performance, he won the crowd over and put on a great show.
In 1972, with their friend Jimi Hendrix deceased, the Ghetto Fighters changed their musical group’s name to US, then Prana People. The group consisted of the twins, their sister Juliette and Tommy Lockhart. They were managed and financed by New York Knicks legend Earl “The Pearl” Monroe. The group released a self-titled album on Prelude Records in 1977.
After the Prana People album, the twins decided to go in a new musical direction when they utilized electronic MIDI technology along with a LINN 9000 drum machine to produce the song Hooked on Your Love in 1979. The song featured Leroy Burgess on lead vocals, formerly of the R&B group Black Ivory. Rounding out the background vocals were Jocelyn Brown, Crystal Davis, and a young Luther Vandross. The song would go on to become a club classic and usher in the early transitional phase from disco to club/dance music in NYC.
At this point, the twins had grown weary of the traditional “shop your demo” approach and opted to go the independent route. They borrowed 1500 dollars from their father, pressed their own records and started NIA Records in 1979 in order to distribute their single.
The twins were starting to get hip to the young fledgling hip-hop scene due to the prodding of Fat Man, whose Harlem World club became a rite of passage for many up and coming hip-hop artists. The Sugar Hill Gang was discovered at Harlem World by Joe and Sylvia Robinson of Sugar Hill Records. Fat Man also suggested that the twins take their instrumental for their club hit Hooked on Your Love and use it as a backing track for a group called Dr. Jeckyll & Mr. Hyde (Andre Harrell and Alonzo Brown). The demo resulted in a production deal for the Dr. Jeckyll & Mr. Hyde with Profile Records.
The twins’ next single on NIA Records, Release Yourself, was an even bigger hit than their first single, thanks to the hip-hop styled remix by Marley Marl in 1984. The suggestion of this remix was made by Mr. Magic, whose WBLS show, Mr. Magic’s Rap Attack, was just beginning to take NY urban radio into its hip-hop era. NIA records would also distribute songs from Captain Rock, The Last Poet (Abiodun Oyewole), Sparky D’s answer record to Roxanne (Sparky’s Turn), Marley Marl featuring MC Shan on Marley Marl’s Scratch, and the Super Kids featuring a young Craig G, Prince A.D., and Tragedy Khadafi (The Intelligent Hoodlum).
The hot streak of The Fantastic Aleems and NIA Records caught the eye of Atlantic Records and they offered the twins a recording deal. This prompted a name change to Aleem. While working on their debut 1986 album for Atlantic called Casually Formal, they contracted the services of Maurice Starr, which would prove to be a fruitful relationship when his new group, New Kids on the Block suddenly took off like his former group New Edition did. Maurice allowed the twins to produce and write a song on the New Kids’ fourth album, Step by Step entitled, Never Gonna Fall in Love Again. The album went triple platinum in the US and sold over 7 million copies worldwide. The twins would go on to produce one more album for Atlantic in 1987 called Shock. Both Atlantic albums would feature Leroy Burgess on lead vocals.
During the 90’s, the twins would step back from recording as artists and now decided to open Konkrete Recording Studios in Mid-town Manhattan and also started B.I.D. (Black Independent Distribution), to promote and distribute records. This allowed them the chance to work with an array of talented artists like Rick James, Kashif, Technotronic, and the Wu-Tang Clan.
The twins helped the Wu-Tang Clan distribute their first single Protect Ya Neck in New York and helped them get signed to LOUD Records. In addition, the twins also recorded some of the songs that would appear on Wu-Tang’s classic debut album, Enter the Wu-Tang (36 Chambers) at Konkrete Studios. This collaboration would also lead to the twins working with the Gravediggaz, which featured Prince Paul, Frukwan, Poetic, and Wu-Tang Clan front man and producer RZA. 
The twins founded the ROBC (The Reconstruction of Black Civilization), which was designed to bring attention to the royalty that exists in people of African heritage. To demonstrate their mission, the organization sponsored a trip to the U.S. for the son of Emperor Halie Selassie I of Ethiopia, along with several members of the Ethiopian Royal Family.
The twins also founded Hip-Hop for Humanity on September 11th, 2001. The goal of HHFH is to assist musically inclined youth by educating them to embrace leadership roles, take responsibility as future leaders, and put this knowledge to use by engaging in positive actions in their community and the world.
The Aleems have also served as advisers and directors of the Hendrix Foundation.
Before their friend Jimi Hendrix died, he was planning on working with the twins on their Ghetto Fighter album. The songs Mojo Man and Jet Set were intended to be on that album. When Jimi died on Sept. 18th, 1970, the twins shelved this album for over 40 years. They finally resurrected it and polished up the song Mojo Man with additional vocals from Leroy Burgess. The original version of Mojo Man appeared on a posthumous Hendrix album called People, Hell and Angels in 2013. To go along with the twins’ version of Mojo Man, they included an animated cartoon as a part of their Urban Street Tales series. The twins opened up their vault and began to make their past catalog available to the public, including a song called Sugar Daddy, featuring James Booker on piano, Buddy Miles on vocals and Jimi Hendrix on guitar.
In addition to their musical catalog, the twins have also authored several books, including a memoir about their lives originally published in 2014. This exhilarating auto-biography, Jimi Hendrix & The Ghetto Fighters: In Harlem World, traces the path of the twins from Harlem hustlers, to befriending Hendrix, to musical pioneers, to respected elders. The book is very candid in the portrayal of the many flaws and personal demons that plagued the twins throughout their lives.
Other books include: The 66 Attributes of the Nigger, Sacred Formulas – To raise the Royal Mind and the soon to be released Jimi Hendrix and the World of the Mu.
The Aleems, known then as the Allen twins stole the show in the 1973 documentary about Jimi Hendrix (a film about Jimi Hendrix). Their memorable interviews shed light on what it was like to be friends with one of the greatest musical talents the world has ever known.
The Aleems were also featured as actors. As they played themselves in the 1994 comedy, Twin Sitters, staring the Barbarian Brothers (Peter and David Paul).
The Aleems were also involved in two film soundtracks - 1988’s I’m Gonna Git You Sucka: Two Can Play the Game (producers’ credit) and 1994’s Twin Sitters: Watcha Lookin' At (writers’ and producers’ credit)
On August 14th, 2014, Tunde Ra Aleem ended his physical existence on earth, as he finally succumbed to his lengthy bout with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, a rare and terminal disease that affects the lungs’ bronchi, preventing oxygen from being absorbed. Defying the original prognosis in 2006, which only gave Tunde Ra 3-4 months to live, he was able to live eight more productive and lively years. During this time, he completed three books and three albums.
The Aleems will always be remembered as not only friends of Jimi Hendrix, pre-fame/post-fame, but also as life-long hustlers, who made pioneering moves in the independent record business and early club/dance and hip-hop music. Their entrepreneurial spirit pre-dated the Too Short, Master P, Cash Money and hip-hop independent record label CEO era, which saw hip-hop artists control their own destiny by moving units themselves. The Aleems were privileged to witness the early beginnings of hip-hop when Jimi Hendrix, Lightnin’ Rod and Buddy Miles combined to produce the proto-rap masterpiece, Doriella Du Fontaine in 1969. They parlayed these experiences and life lessons into a successful musical career that spanned two decades. Not only did they break new ground in club/dance music, but they also were involved in bridging the gap between hip-hop and R&B (Marley Marl re-mix of Release Yourself) and sponsoring, nurturing, and recording the up and coming rap artists of the 80’s and 90’s.
Discogs 
All Music 
Soul Years 
Singles that charted 
The official site of The Ghetto Fighters
Hip-Hop for Humanity

1975 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's 60 metres hurdles
The women's 60 metres hurdles event at the 1975 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 8 March in Katowice.
First 2 from each heat (Q) and the next 4 fastest (q) qualified for the final.

Symphonica in Rosso – Live at Ziggo Dome, Amsterdam
Symphonica in Rosso – Live at Ziggo Dome, Amsterdam is a live album by British soul-pop group Simply Red. The album was released on 23 November 2018.

39-41 Lower Fort Street, Millers Point
39-41 Lower Fort Street, Millers Point is a heritage-listed terrace house located at 39-41 Lower Fort Street, in the inner city Sydney suburb of Millers Point in the City of Sydney local government area of New South Wales, Australia. It is also known as Georgian Townhouse. It was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
Formerly a house, the property has since been converted to commercial use. It was last sold at auction in February 2000 for 1.935 million.
A three-storey house was completed in the Victorian Georgian style.
39-41 Lower Fort Street, Millers Point was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.

Rekola
Rekola is bicycle sharing system in the Czech Republic. It started in 2013 as a small project in Prague. In 2018, it was operating in 8 Czech cities and in Finnish city Vaasa. In 2018, Rekola is operating around 1000 bikes, while almost half of them (450) are located in Prague. Daily ridership in 2018 was 4,700 people. The pink bikes do not have any docks, which makes the system five times cheaper than traditional dock system. The bikes can be unlocked through an official app or SMS.
Rekola has currently bike sharing systems in 8 Czech cities. The list shows approximate number of bikes in each city in 2018.

Fábio Audi
Fábio Audi (born December 9, 1987) is a Brazilian actor and producer.
He graduated in theater from the Superior School of Arts Célia Helena, and in cinema by the Armando Álvares Penteado Foundation (FAAP), both from São Paulo. He obtained a projection for his performance as Gabriel in the 2010 short film "I Don't Want to Go Back Alone", directed by Daniel Ribeiro, playing the character Gabriel. He returned to represent the same role in the film's feature version "The Way He Looks", also of Daniel Ribeiro, released in 2014.
In 2014, he made his television debut in the telenovela "Alto Astral" by Daniel Ortiz on Rede Globo, playing Heitor.

List of Gabonese provinces by Human Development Index
This is a list of Gabonese provinces by Human Development Index as of 2017.
Note: Libreville (capital of Gabon and Estuaire Province) and Port Gentil (capital of Ogooué-Maritime Province and second-largest city) are grouped and have their own HDI.

47-53 Lower Fort Street, Millers Point
47-53 Lower Fort Street, Millers Point are heritage-listed terrace houses located at 47-53 Lower Fort Street, in the inner city Sydney suburb of Millers Point in the City of Sydney local government area of New South Wales, Australia. The property was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
Millers Point is one of the earliest areas of European settlement in Australia, and a focus for maritime activities. This building is one of a group of late nineteenth century terraces. First tenanted by NSW Department of Housing in 1992.
Three storey, six bedroom Victorian Italianate terrace house with iron lace balustrading and friezes and brackets. Top floor has two double hung sash windows and incised motifs, middle floor has two french doors opening onto balcony, and ground floor has two sash windows and front door with fanlight above. Steps to basement lead from front porch. Storeys: 3 Construction: Painted rendered masonry. Corrugated galvanised iron roofing. Timber with iron lace balcony, cast iron central column. Style: Victorian Italianate.
The external condition of the property is good.
External: Timber handrail added. Fenestration altered.
As at 23 November 2000, this is a group of three storey Victorian Italianate terraces, representing a quality streetscape element.
It is part of the Millers Point Conservation Area, an intact residential and maritime precinct. It contains residential buildings and civic spaces dating from the 1830's and is an important example of 19th century adaptation of the landscape.
47-53 Lower Fort Street, Millers Point was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.

1975 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's 400 metres
The men's 400 metres event at the 1975 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 8 and 9 March in Katowice.
Held on 8 March.<br>First 2 from each heat (Q) and the next 2 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Held on 8 March.<br>First 2 from each heat (Q) qualified directly for the final.
Note: Only two athletes started in semifinal 2 because the other two were not informed about it. A special third heat was run on 9 March to let those compete for one extra spot in the final.
Held on 9 March.

Beringbooding Rock
Berongbooding Rock is a granite rock formation located approximately north east of Mukinbudin and approximately east of Beacon in the eastern Wheatbelt region of Western Australia. 
The site features a large balancing boulder, a large gnamma hole and paintings of the Kalamaia people's hands in a cave at the rear of the rock. There is also a camping site facilities including picnic tables, fire pits and a toilet.
Like other granite outcrops found in the Wheatbelt, Beringbooding displays the different forms of weathering from water and wind. A large vertical rock face is beginning to take the shape of a wave formation, caused by the same weathering patterns that created Wave Rock.
The rock is used to collect water for the largest rock water catchment tank in Australia, holding around of water. The tank was built in 1937 using sustenance labour at a cost of £10,000. Two early pioneer wells are also found nearby. 
The area was known to Indigenous Australians as a reliable water source. Following European settlement prior to 1902 the wells near the rock were equipped with pumps in 1929 as part of the 3500 Farms Scheme to increase the number of settlers in the area.
Surveys of Beringbooding were completed in 1936 to build a large scale water holding facility. Water is channelled from the rock surface catchment using a wall around the edge of the rock. It then flows into an aqueduct and fills the tank during rain events. A roof was installed to minimise water loss through evaporation. 
Some of the vegetation surrounding the rock include: "Leptospermum erubescens", "Eucalyptus websteriana", "Kunzea pulchella", as well as species of "Melaleuca", "Acacia", "Grevillea", "Hakea", "Calothamnus", Quandongs, Sandalwood and native orchids which support a variety of bird life. The area is also home to the Crawling toadlet or Günther’s Toadlet.

Miss Asia Pacific International 2018
Miss Asia Pacific International 2018 is the third edition of it Miss Asia Pacific International after its re - launch on 2016. The pagent were held at the Newport Perofrming Arts Theater, Resorts World Manila on Thursday, October 4 2018 with fifty-one women from all over the world vying for the crown. Francielly Ouriques of the Brazil crowned Sharifa Areef Mohammad Omar Akeel of Philippines as her successor at the end of the event.
The following are list of pre - pageant awards.
Best in National Costume 
Best in Swimsuit 
Best in Talent 
Best in Long Gownt 
51 candidates competed:

Carpenters with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra
Carpenters with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra is a compilation album by American duo the Carpenters. It is set to be released on December 7, 2018 by A&M Records and Universal Music Enterprises. The album features Carpenters' "original vocal and instrumental tracks" accompanied by new orchestral arrangements by the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra. Richard Carpenter served as the album's producer, arranger and conductor. 
All tracks arranged by Richard Carpenter; except "I Believe You" arranged by Paul Riser.

55 Lower Fort Street, Millers Point
55 Lower Fort Street, Millers Point is a heritage-listed former house and now professional offices located at 55 Lower Fort Street, Millers Point, City of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. The property was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
In April 2000 the property sold for 2.35 million.
The building is currently occupied by Tropman and Tropman Architects.
Building was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.

1952–53 Spartan League
The 1952–53 Spartan League season was the 35th in the history of Spartan League. The league consisted of 16 teams.
The division featured 16 teams, 12 from last season and 4 new teams:

3rd Army (RSFSR)
The 3rd Army was a field army of the Red Army during the Russian Civil War. The 3rd Army was formed three times. 
The 3rd Army was created in February 1918 to fight against the annexation of Bessarabia by Romania. It was formed in Odessa and other places in the Odessa Soviet Republic. It consisted of separate revolutionary squads, mainly Bolshevik, Leftist and Anarchist, as well as small parts of the old Russian army, which had fought in World War I on the Romanian Front. In the middle of February the Army was reinforced by 3,000 men of the Krasnogvardeysky detachment under command of Mikhail Muravjev, which arrived from Kiev. Until March 1918 the Army was named the Special Revolutionary Army of the Odessa District, or Special Odessa Army. 
The Army took up positions on the left bank of the Dniester with headquarters in Tiraspol and as commander P. S. Lazarov. Grigory Kotovsky was commander of the Cavalry. The army was part of the armed forces of the Odessa Soviet Republic under command of Mikhail Muravjev. The task of the Special Odessa Army was not only to prevent the Romanian troops to advance in Transnistria towards Odessa, but also to bring Bessarabia back under the control of Soviet Russia. 
The army repulsed attempts of the Romanians to get a bridgehead on the left bank of the Dniester River and on February 20 launched a counteroffensive. By March 2, Muravjev's troops had defeated the Romanians near Rîbnița and Slobozei. The Romanian Army command, still at war with the Central Powers, proposed a truce. The peace talks were held in Odessa and Iasi. On March 5-9, a joint protocol was signed on the cessation of the Soviet-Romanian armed conflict, under which Romania undertook to withdraw its troops from Bessarabia within two months and not to take any military or hostile action against the RSFSR. On March 8, The Soviet troops received an order to stop their military actions against the Romanian troops. However, the Romanian authorities observed that the Austro-German troops, which had started to occupy the territory of Ukraine on February 18 and which already had taken Kiev and Vinnitsa, would also soon occupy Odessa. Therefore, on March 9, Romania captured Akkerman, violating the reached agreement and completing the seizure of South Bessarabia. A few days later the armistice was annulled. 
On March 3, Austro-Hungarian troops took Balta, thus threatening the rear of the southern Soviet forces. Komdarm Mikhail Muravjev ordered the Special Odessa Army to stop the advance of the Austro-Hungarian troops along the south-western railroad. 
Fighting broke out near the railway stations of Sloboda and Birzula on March 5-7 1918 between Red troops and the 3rd infantry and 2nd Cavalry Divisions of the 12th Corps of the Austrian Army. In this battle, the Austrians lost more than 500 soldiers and officers killed. The defense of Birzula was led by the legendary sailor-anarchist Anatoli Jelezniakov. But the small and poorly organized Odessa Army could not withstand the regular Austro-Hungarian army and was forced to retreat to defensive positions 10 km north of Odessa. The Odessa Council, by an overwhelming majority, offered to surrender the city without a fight. Rumcherod also recognized that the defense of Odessa was useless. On March 12, the City Duma took over the power in Odessa and agreed with the Austrian command on the unimpeded evacuation of the Red Army. Mikhail Muravjev was forced to retreat with his Odessa Army to the East. 
In the middle of March 1918, by decision of the Second All-Ukrainian Congress of Soviets, the Special Odessa Army received the name of 3rd Army. 
After leaving Odessa, one part of the army headed towards the Dnieper, and an other part crossed into the Crimea. The right-wing units became part of the 1st Army, while other units joined the 5th Army of Kliment Voroshilov. The Tiraspol detachment became part of the 2nd Army. 
In April 1918, the 3rd Army was situated around Lozova and had some 5,000 soldiers under command of E.I. Chikvanaia. It tried in vain to restrain the offensive of the German troops towards the Donbass. In late April, the shattered remains of the 3rd Army withdrew to the territory of RSFSR (Voronezh Province) and joined the 1st Special Army in the region of Liski.
On July 20, 1918 the 3rd Army was created a second time from the detachments of of the so-called north-Ural-Siberian front. It was part of the Eastern Front.<br>
It operated in the region of Perm, Yekaterinburg and Ishim against parts of the rebellious Czechoslovak Legion and White Guards units. 
It participated in the Zlatoust-Chelyabinsk (July 1918), Yekaterinburg (Aug.-Sept. 1918) and Perm operations. After a hard battle, in which it suffered great losses, the 3rd Army was forced to abandone Perm on December 24, 1918. 
After restoring the its fighting capabilities, the 3rd Army conquered a number of settlements in February 1919 and stopped the enemy's offensive on the Vyatka River. In May-July 1919, it participated in in the Counteroffensive of the Eastern front and retook Perm on July 1, 1919. Later in the year it also participated in the Petropavlovsk and Omsk offensive operations. 
On January 15, 1920, the 3rd Army was temporarily transferred to the labour force and renamed the 1st Revolutionary Labour Army, within the framework of the economic policy of military communism.
A new 3rd Army was created on June 11, 1920 by the command of the Western front from the troops of the southern group of the 15th Army, during the Soviet-Polish war. 
The 3rd Army fought against the Poles around Dokshytsy and Parafyanovo (June-July), and participated in the July operation 1920. During the Battle of Warsaw (1920), if fought on the Central Front between Kock and Brody. In September, it was fought in the area of Druskininkai and Ashmyany, and was defeated in the Battle of the Niemen River. In November-December, it acted against the Bulak-Balakhovich detachments in Belarus. 
On December 31, 1920, the 3rd Army was disbanded and merged with the 16 th Army.

Jagdeep Chhokar
Jagdeep Chhokar is an Indian academic. He was a professor of Management and Organisational Behaviour at the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, from 1985 till November 2006, when he retired after reaching the mandatory age of superannuation. Presently he is a faculty member at the Indian Institute of Management, Udaipur. He was a dean at the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad.

Cycling at the 2018 Mediterranean Games – Women's individual road race
The women's road race was one of 4 cycling events of the 2018 Mediterranean Games in Tarragona. The race started and finished on 27 June at the Vila-seca Urban Circuit and was won by Elisa Longo Borghini of Italy.
The following NOCs had entered riders to compete in the road race event.
In the table below, "s.t." indicates that the rider crossed the finish line in the same group as the cyclist before him, and was therefore credited with the same finishing time.
Under UCI regulations for one-day road races (article 2.3.039), "Any rider finishing in a time exceeding that of the winner by more than 5% shall not be placed".

2019 Big East Conference Baseball Tournament
The 2019 Big East Conference Baseball Tournament will be held at Prasco Park in Mason, Ohio from May 23 through May 26. The event, held at the end of the conference regular season, determines the champion of the Big East Conference for the 2019 season. The winner of the double-elimination tournament will receive the conference's automatic bid to the 2019 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament.
The tournament will use a double-elimination format and feature the top four finishers of the Big East's seven teams.

Racing Point Force India

2019 Big Ten Conference Baseball Tournament
The 2019 Big Ten Conference Baseball Tournament will be held at TD Ameritrade Park Omaha in Omaha, Nebraska from May 22 through 26. The event will air on the Big Ten Network.
The 2019 tournament will be an 8 team double-elimination tournament. The top eight teams based on conference regular season winning percentage earn invites to the tournament. The teams will then play a double-elimination tournament leading to a single championship game.

1975 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's 400 metres
The women's 400 metres event at the 1975 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 8 and 9 March in Katowice.
Held on 8 March.<br>The winner of each heat (Q) and the next 2 fastest (q) qualified for the final.
Held on 9 March.

Maya Mirchandani
She graduated in history from Jesus and Mary College, University of Delhi. She went on to do a Diploma in world politics at the London School of Economics and Political Science. 

Metro South Health
Metro South Health is the provider of public health care in the Brisbane south side, Logan City, Redland City and Scenic Rim Region.
It has more than 13,000 employees and provides specialist health care to 23% of the Queensland population. Dr Stephen Ayre is the Chief Executive. Cameron Ballantine is the Chief Information Officer.
It runs 5 hospitals, Princess Alexandra Hospital, Brisbane, Logan Hospital, Queen Elizabeth II Jubilee Hospital, Redland Hospital and Beaudesert hospital and a network of community health centres.
It has a reputation for digital health innovation. At the International Hospital Federation Awards in October 2018 It won:
The Metro South Health Digital Hospital Project won the Outstanding ICT Achievement Award at the 6th Asia Pacific HIMSS-Elsevier Digital Healthcare Award 2018. Princess Alexandra Hospital is the exemplar site for the implementation of the shared integrated electronic medical record solution for Queensland.
It has established a new patient administration system, rolled out the Cerner integrated electronic medical record all its hospitals and replaced the Auslab state-wide pathology system. Princess Alexandra Hospital, where Dr Stephen Ayre, who was formerly a general practitioner was then the executive director, was the first to be fully digitised. Observations and vital signs from patient monitoring devices are automatically uploaded to patient records. All records are visible to all clinicians in the hospitals and the system is being rolled out into the community so that general practitioners can see what has happened in the hospital. 

1975 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's 800 metres
The men's 800 metres event at the 1975 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 8 and 9 March in Katowice.
Held on 8 March.<br>First 2 from each heat (Q) and the next 2 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Held on 9 March.

Winsbury Terrace
Winsbury Terrace are heritage-listed terrace houses located at 75-79 Kent Street, in the inner city Sydney suburb of Millers Point in the City of Sydney local government area of New South Wales, Australia. It was built from 1875. The property was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
Millers Point is one of the earliest areas of European settlement in Australia, and a focus for maritime activities.
Millers Point took its name in the early days of the colony from "Jack the Miller", who built his windmills there, while Lieut. Dawes established his observatory on the point. This precinct, positioned between Barangaroo, Observatory Hill and the Sydney Harbour Bridge, contains a variety of architectural styles from early Georgian houses and tiny workmen's cottages, to the grander 19th century Victorian terraces. With much of the area given over to public housing in the 20th century, recent changes in ownership are again breathing life into these early buildings, although the need to ensure any renovation is done sensitively remains imperative.
These large Victorian Italianate terraces are thought to be architect designed and constructed in 1875. They have also been previously known as A.K.A Craig Terrace. First tenanted by the NSW Department of Housing in 1992.
The terrace was the House of Providence rented by the Sisters of Saint Joseph from 30 July 1880; Mary MacKillop resided at the premises from February-March 1881.
Winsbury Terrace is an elaborately detailed Victorian Italianate terrace house (row of three), bowed iron lace to mid floor balcony, triple arched windows to ground floor. Splendid chimney pots. This residence has five bedrooms. Storeys: Three. Construction: Rendered masonry walls, slate roof to main body of house, corrigated galvanised iron to rear wing. Cast iron lace to balcony and ground floor balustrading. No. 77 has elaborate stucco work on the parapet (no. 77) and cornices and window and door surrounds. First floor balcony has most unusual, curved cast iron balustrade panels. Handsome tuck-pointing on Kent Street facade, recently restored by expert craftsmen using authentic materials. Painted timber balcony timbers and joinery. Style: Victorian Italianate.
The external condition of the property is good.
As at 23 November 2000, this terrace is one of a group of three elaborately detailed Victorian Italianate terrace houses. Rear wings being amongst the most significant on any terrace house in Sydney. They are a significant streetscape element and highly significant rear wings.
It is part of the Millers Point Conservation Area, an intact residential and maritime precinct. It contains residential buildings and civic spaces dating from the 1830's and is an important example of C19th adaptation of the landscape.
Winsbury Terrace was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.

Flying Babies
The series follows a group of young girls who aspire to become hula dancers.

SGB Premiership 2019
The SGB Premiership 2019 is an upcoming season in the top division of Great British Speedway. The season will run between March and October 2019 and will have 7 times participating. The Poole Pirates are the defending champions after winning the title in 2017. 
At the annual Speedway AGM, which was held in the middle of November 2018, the BSPA announced what they described as a “number of benefits that will provide stability going forward”. The fixed race nights that were introduced for 2018 were retained and there were also a number of changes to the line-up of teams made from 2018. After dropping out midway through the 2018 season the Rye House Rockets will not be riding in 2019. Also both the Leicester Lions and Somerset Rebels dropped down into the [[SGB Championship for 2019. They will be replaced by the Ipswich Witches and Peterborough Panthers.
As of 01 December 2018.
Teams face each other four times: twice home and away. The first of the home and away meetings are called the 'A' fixtures, and the second are the 'B' fixtures.

Keith Simmons (philosopher)
Keith Simmons is an American philosopher and Professor of Philosophy at UNC Chapel Hill.
He is known for his works on logic and philosophy of mind.

Keith Simmons
Keith Simmons may refer to:

Students Solidarity March
Students Solidarity March was political rally in support of demands of students that took place in Lahore on 30th November 2018. Also, in eight major cities of Pakistan students rallies were held.This march was initiated by Progressive Students Collective which was joined by many progressive organizations. During this march, students demanded restoration students unions, establishment of more educational institutions, affordable tuition fee and declaration of 13 April as Mashal Khan day.

Maerdy Farmhouse, Llanvihangel-Ystern-Llewern
Maerdy Farmhouse (The Maerdy), Llanvihangel-Ystern-Llewern, Monmouthshire is a farmhouse dating from about 1700. Extended later in the 18th century, it is an early example of the use of brick, rather than stone, in Monmouthshire. The farmhouse is Grade II* listed with its stableblock and shelter shed, and its barn and cider house having their own Grade II listings. 
The farmhouse dates from the very late 17th century and is an early example for Monmouthshire of the use of brick, rather than stone, as a construction material. The first recorded owners are the Hughes family, a monument to John Hughes of the "Mardee", who died in 1792, being located in the Church of St Michael and All Angels, Llanvihangel-Ystern-Llewern. In the 19th century the farm was bought by John Etherington Welch Rolls, as part of his expansion of The Hendre estate at nearby Rockfield. Maerdy remains the privately-owned farmhouse of an active farm.
The architectural historian John Newman considers that Maerdy is the latest of the three houses of red brick constructed in the area around 1700, the others being The Pant and Upper Red House. The farmhouse is built on an "L"-plan, and is of two storeys with attics, and a roof of Welsh slate. It is Grade II* listed, Cadw recording it as "a fine Renaissance house, an early essay in the use of brick in the region". The stable block and shelter shed, and the cider house and barn, have separate Grade II listings.

Gusevsky, Vladimir Oblast
Gusevsky () is an urban locality (urban-type settlement) under the administrative jurisdiction of the town of krai significance of Gus-Khrustalny of Vladimir Oblast, Russia. Population: 

Edmund Saulez
Edmund Harrison Saulez (23 February 1867 – 19 November 1948) was an Irish first-class cricketer and British Indian Army officer.
Saulez was born at Seapoint near Dublin. He later attended Queen's College, Oxford in 1871. After graduating from Queen's College, he joined the British Army as a Second Lieutenant in the Suffolk Regiment. He was gazetted Lieutenant in April 1890. 
In August and September 1894, he featured in two first-class cricket matches for the Europeans against the Parsees at Bombay and Poona. He later gained the rank of Captain in November 1898, followed by promotion to Major in December 1905. He retired from the British Indian Army in 1912. He spent his final years living in Havant, Hampshire where he died in November 1948.

Impi Visser
Impi Brecher Visser (born ) is a South African rugby sevens player for the South Africa national team in the World Rugby Sevens Series. He usually plays as a forward.
He also played rugby union for the at youth level and for university side in the Varsity Cup, playing as a scrum-half.

Thought and World
Thought and World: An Austere Portrayal of Truth, Reference, and Semantic Correspondence is a 2002 book by Christopher S. Hill in which he presents a theory of the content of semantic notions that are applied to thoughts.
The book has been reviewed by Keith Simmons, Anil Gupta and Marian David.

2007 Korean Tour
The 2007 Korean Tour was a season on the Korean Tour, a series of professional golf tournaments. The table below shows the season results.
The number in brackets after each winner's name is the number of Korean Tour events he had won up to and including that tournament.
The Dongbu Insurance Promy KPGA Invitational also included a senior event with prize money of KRW 50,000,000. It was won by Choi Sang-ho from Korea.
The Order of Merit used a points system. Points were awarded based on the player's position in each event.
Source: 
'Events' refers to the number of tournaments in which the player won prize money. Prize money won in the Ballantine's Championship did not count.
Source: 

Meimanat Hosseini-Chavoshi
Meimanat Hosseini-Chavoshi is an Iranian demographer and a Research Fellow at the Australian National University.
She won Iran's Book of the Year Award for the book "" (with Peter McDonald and Mohammad Jalal Abbasi-Shavazi).

Farid Zizi
Farid Zizi is a French public servant.
Since the 1st of August 2018, he is the CEO of Direction des Services de la navigation aérienne.
A graduate from the École Polytechnique and the ENAC, he starts his career as responsible of operational and technical requirements and maintenance operations of ATM systems for French Airports and ACCs at the Operational Direction of DSNA.
Then he became head of Education and Research in ENAC. During 7 years, he was President of the Air Navigation Commission at ICAO.
The 1st of August 2018, he is nominated CEO of DSNA.

1975 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's 800 metres
The women's 800 metres event at the 1975 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 8 and 9 March in Katowice.
Held on 8 March.<br>First 2 from each heat (Q) and the next 2 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Held on 9 March.

Ramesh Damani
Ramesh Damani is an Indian investor. Presently he is the Chairman and an Independent Director on the Board of Avenue Supermarts. . He is a member of the Bombay Stock Exchange

SGB Championship 2019
The SGB Championship 2019 is an upcoming season in the second division of Great British Speedway. The season will run between March and October 2019 and will have 10 teams participating. The Workington Comets are the defending champions after winning the title in 2018. 
At the annual Speedway AGM, which was held in the middle of November 2018, the BSPA announced what they described as a “number of benefits that will provide stability going forward”. There were a number of line-up changes for the 2019 season. The Leicester Lions and Somerset Rebels dropped down from the SGB Premiership for 2019. They will replaced the Ipswich Witches and Peterborough Panthers who moved up into the Premiership and also the Lakeside Hammers who are not riding in 2019.
Teams face each other two times: once home and once away.

Touch Your Heart
Touch Your Heart () is an upcoming South Korean television series starring Yoo In-na and Lee Dong-wook. It is based on the web novel of the same name which was first published in 2016. It is set to premiere in January 2019 on tvN's Wednesdays and Thursdays at 21:30 (KST) time slot.
The romance between a top actress who is on the downfall due to a scandal, and a prickly lawyer.

Adam Beniquez
Adam Jorge Beniquez (born 1969 in San Juan, Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican career criminal, murderer and suspected serial killer. He was convicted of murdering Daniel Valentine in Brooklyn, but was subsequently tied to the murders of 8 more people, including 3 police officers, in Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands and another man in New York.
Beniquez's first known murder occured on February 15, 1990, when he shot and killed a man in Puerto Rico. After this, on September 6, he stole a car in Carolina and was engaged in a car chase by officers Jose Bernabe Gonzalez (33) and Pedro Sanchez Lopez (27). He managed to ambush both officers, shooting them down. Beniquez also killed three men in a car in Saint Thomas on November 15. It is also said that he was sought after for two attempted murders in Puerto Rico, but no information is available for them.
On January 10, 1991, Beniquez invited 23-year-old Daniel Valentine to his apartment in Bushwick on 239 Troutman Street, supposedly for business relating to drugs. For unclear reasons, he then shot Valentine in the chest with his gun. On January 27, while he was outside a discotheque in Saint Croix, Beniquez had an argument with two other men which resulted in a shootout. A responding officer, 22-year-old Dexter Mardenborough, was struck in the head by a bullet after arriving on the scene.
In February, along with his 20-year-old friend and New York native Carlos Madrid, Beniquez tried to rob a jewelry store in Bushwick's Knickerbocker Avenue. During the robbery, the 29-year-old manager Luis Medina was shot three times and his body later stuffed in a closet in the rear of his store.
After receiving a call from the Puerto Rican authorities on Beniquez's whereabouts, detectives in Brooklyn began searching for him. Officers from the 83rd Precinct also set up stakeouts in various areas of Bushwick. On February 23, Beniquez was arrested at a grocery store on 147 Wilson Avenue, with authorities finding a 9mm Uzi with a 30-round clip on him.
After being brought to the Brooklyn Criminal Court, Beniquez was charged with second-degree murder, robbery and criminal possession of a weapon, and was held without bail. Although he wasn't charged with the murder of Luis Medina, Beniquez was convicted of murdering Daniel Valentine and sentenced to 25 years to life imprisonment on April 7, 1992. This decision was appealed multiple times by Beniquez, but unsuccessfully.
According to Puerto Rican police detective Jose Rodriguez, he had become the "most wanted man in Puerto Rico".

Cycling at the 2018 Mediterranean Games – Men's road time trial
The men's individual time trial was one of 4 cycling events of the 2018 Mediterranean Games. The event started and finished on 30 June at the Vila-seca Urban Circuit. 

Karolina Kochaniak
Karolina Kochaniak (born 5 July 1995) is a Polish handball player who plays for Pogoń Baltica Szczecin and the Poland national team.

Fabijan Buntić
Fabijan Buntić (born 24 February 1997) is a Croatian-German footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for FC Ingolstadt.
Buntić made his professional debut for FC Ingolstadt in the 2. Bundesliga on 1 December 2018, starting in the match against Hamburger SV, which finished as a 1–2 home loss.

Undercliffe Terrace
Undercliffe Terrace is a heritage-listed former residence and now boarding house located at 52-60 Argyle Place, in the inner city Sydney suburb of Millers Point in the City of Sydney local government area of New South Wales, Australia. The property is also known as Grimes' Buildings. was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
Millers Point is one of the earliest areas of European settlement in Australia, and a focus for maritime activities. Argyle Place, a primitive version of a London Square, was commenced by Governor Macquarie but not fully formed until after quarrying of the adjacent rock face had ceased in about 1865.
In 1958 architect John Fisher (member of the Institute of Architects, the Cumberland County Council Historic Buildings Committee and on the first Council of the National Trust of Australia (NSW) after its reformation in 1960), with the help of artist Cedric Flower, convinced Taubmans to paint the central bungalow at 50 Argyle Place. This drew attention to the importance of for the first time. As a result, Fisher was able to negotiate leases for Bligh House (later Clydebank) and houses in Windmill Street for various medical societies.
The terrace was first tenanted by the NSW Department of Housing in 1991.
Large Victorian Georgian terrace with Victorian detail added, contains seven bedsitting rooms and is last of a row constructed . This two storey (plus attic) building has double hung sash windows with stone sills, a bull-nose galvanised iron verandah roof, a simple parapet above, cast iron balustrades and columns, french doors on second storey and fan lights above doorways. Storeys: Three; Construction: Paint finished rendered masonry with decorative iron lace columns and balustrading both floors. Painted timber verandah beams with iron lace with frieze underneath. Corrigated galvanised iron roof, painted timber joinery. Style: Georgian (with Victorian Italianate additions) Orientation: Overlooking Argyle Place.
The terraces are also believed to have been completed in the Victorian Filigree style.
The external condition of the property is good.
As at 23 November 2000, this 1840's terrace, altered in later Victorian times to include Italianate verandahs and windows, forms part of an important streetscape element facing Argyle Place.
It is part of the Millers Point Conservation Area, an intact residential and maritime precinct. It contains residential buildings and civic spaces dating from the 1830's and is an important example of 19th century adaptation of the landscape.
Undercliffe Terrace was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.

Malay Kumar Dey
Malay Kumar Dey ,I.A.S is an Indian civil Servant. .Presently he is serving as the Chief Secretary to the Government of West Bengal. He served as Director of West Bengal State Electricity Distribution Company Limited until November 1, 2013. 

Château de Bordères-Louron
The Château de Bordères-Louron is a ruined castle in the "commune" of Bordères-Louron in the Hautes-Pyrénées "département" of France.
The castle was built in the third quarter of the 13th century. It belonged to the family of Roger d'Espagne (Roger of Spain) from the 14th century. In 1740, a fire destroyed much of the village and the castle. Remains of the castle's "enceinte" are still visible.
The castle ruins are privately owned.

George West (rugby league)
George Henry West (born – 18 May 1927), also known by the nickname of "Tich", was an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1890s and 1900s. He played at representative level for Yorkshire, and at club level for Beverley Victoria ARLFC, Beverley Town ARLFC (nicknamed "The Beavers" after the Beverley coat of arms), and Hull Kingston Rovers (Heritage №), as a goal-kicking , i.e. number 2 or 5.
George "Tich" West's birth was registered in Beverley, East Riding of Yorkshire, England, and he died aged in Beverley, East Riding of Yorkshire, England.
George "Tich" West played for Yorkshire while at Hull Kingston Rovers; he played (in a 12-player team with only one ), and scored 2-tries in the 24-6 victory over Cheshire in the 1903–04 County Championship match during the 1903–04 season at Irwell Lane, Runcorn on Wednesday 25 November 1903, and he played in the 0-6 defeat by Lancashire in the 1905–06 County Championship match during the 1905–06 season at The Boulevard, Kingston upon Hull on Saturday 4 November 1905. 
George "Tich" West made his début for Hull Kingston Rovers against Dewsbury on Good friday 13 April 1900, he was described as being ‘fast and elusive’, he played his last match for Hull Kingston Rovers against Batley at Craven Street, Kingston upon Hull on Saturday 10 October 1908, during this match he sustained a badly broken leg, and consquently he was unable to play competitive rugby league again.
George "Tich" West holds British rugby league's and the Challenge Cup's "most tries in a match" record, he scored 11-tries in Hull Kingston Rovers' 73-5 victory over Brookland Rovers ARLFC (in Maryport, Cumberland) in the 1905 Challenge Cup match at Craven Street, Kingston upon Hull (Brookland Rovers ARLFC had relinquished home advantage) on Saturday 4 March 1905, he also previously held British rugby league's and the Challenge Cup's "most points in a match" record with 53-points; he scored 11-tries and 10-goals in Hull Kingston Rovers' 73-5 victory over Brookland Rovers ARLFC (in Maryport, Cumberland) in the 1905 Challenge Cup match at Craven Street, Kingston upon Hull (Brookland Rovers ARLFC had relinquished home advantage) on Saturday 4 March 1905, this was extended by Chris Thorman to 54-points; he scored 4-tries and 19-goals in York City Knights' 132-0 victory over Northumbria University in the 2011 Challenge Cup at Huntington Stadium, York (Northumbria University had relinquished home advantage) on Sunday 6 March 2011, these 54-points were scored in the 4-point try era which would have been worth "only" 50-points back in the pre-1983–84 season 3-point try era.
George "Tich" West was the landlord of The Lichfield Arms Hotel (aka The Red Lion), 30 Toll Gavel, Beverley .
George "Tich" West's marriage to Mary Jane (née Carter) was registered during third ¼ 1904 in Beverley district. They had children; Mary West (birth registred during second ¼ 1912 in Beverley district).

Château des Comtes de Comminges
The Château des Comtes de Comminges is a ruined castle in the "commune" of Bramevaque in the Hautes-Pyrénées "département" of France.
The castle has been listed since 1950 as a "monument historique" by the French Ministry of Culture.
A first "enceinte" opens into a second which contains the remains of a large construction. Against the second "enceinte" is a Romanesque chapel whose apse, now gone, was covered by a vault. The barrel vault of the nave remains, made of flat stones above an archivolt decorated with blind arcades and "billettes" typical of the era. The keep stands at the highest point, at the centre of a terrace, from which it is entered through a semicircular arch leading to a staircase built within the thickness of the walls. The keep has two square, barrel-vaulted rooms, one above the other, and the walls rises around these rooms in seven flights. Each room is illuminated by an arrowslit. The staircase ends at the top of the keep on a terrace that has lost its parapet.

Dioctria rufipes
Dioctria rufipes , the Common Red-legged Robberfly, is a species of robber fly classified in the subfamily Dasypogoninae of the family Asilidae.
This species can be found in most of Europe (Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, France, the Netherlands, the former Yugoslavia, Germany, Poland, Romania, Russia, Slovakia, Sweden, Switzerland, Hungary, Great Britain and Italy), in the Near East and in the East Palaearctic ecozone.
This species mainly inhabit scrubby grassland, well wooded areas, woodland edge and hedgerows. 
"Dioctria rufipes" can reach a body length of about and a wings length of . These medium-large robber flies have a black head, with hard piercing mouthparts and the antennal tubercle well developed above the eyes. Also mesothorax is black, lightly pubescent, with inconspicuous longitudinal stripes. The abdomen is slender, dorsally wider towards the back. The front legs are completely orange-red, whereas the hind legs are mainly black. They show a complete stripe of pale, short and soft pubescence (tomentum) on the sides of the thorax (pleura), with an additional ventral stripe above middle coxa. 
Adults can be found from May to July-August. These insects are predators on other insects. They mainly feed on parasitic wasps, ichneumonids, sawflies, empidid flies and a few small species (Phora, Oscinis, Opius species) . The larvae develop as predators in the ground. 

Cycling at the 2018 Mediterranean Games – Women's road time trial
The women's individual time trial was one of 4 cycling events of the 2018 Mediterranean Games. The event started and finished on 30 June at the Vila-seca Urban Circuit. 

Department of Biodiversity, Conservation and Attractions (Western Australia)
On 28 April 2017, it was announced that the Department of Parks and Wildlife would merge with the Botanic Gardens and Parks Authority, the Zoological Parks Authority, and the Rottnest Island Authority on 1 July 2017 to form the Department of Biodiversity, Conservation and Attractions.
The Department of Biodiversity, Conservation and Attractions (DBCA) is a department of the Government of Western Australia. It is responsible for managing lands and waters described in the "Conservation and Land Management Act 1984", the "Rottnest Island Authority Act 1987", the "Swan and Canning Rivers Management Act 2006", the "Botanic Gardens and Parks Authority Act 1998", the "Zoological Parks Authority Act 2001" and implementing the state's conservation and environment legislation and regulations. The Department reports to the Minister for Environment and the Minister for Tourism.
The Parks and Wildlife Service has management responsibilities in:
At 30 June 2018, the total area under Parks and Wildlife's care is 31,590,422 ha. The land area managed by the Department (25,001,213 ha) is about 9.45 per cent of the land area of Western Australia.
WA national parks and reserves had 20.39 million visitors in 2017–18, with a visitor satisfaction level of 92.5 per cent. Each year, Parks and Wildlife and its predecessors aimed for a satisfaction rating above 85 per cent, a figure it had achieved for more than 10 consecutive years.
Volunteers continued in 2017-18 to make a significant contribution to the Department’s work, with the number of Parks and Wildlife Service registered volunteers reaching 15,797, of whom 5657 contributed 781,766 hours to projects across the State.
Parks and Wildlife is responsible for the wildlife conservation project Western Shield which is pest animal control (4 million hectares of conservation reserves and State forests baited for feral animal control) as well as weed control on more than 89 million hectares of unallocated Crown land and unmanaged reserves.
There are a number of internationally recognised biodiversity hotspots within Western Australia and in particular in the South West of the State.
Parks and Wildlife Service is also managing two of the world's greatest long distance trails: the 1,000 km Bibbulmun Track for walkers, and the 1,000 km Munda Biddi Trail for mountain bikes.
An important duty of the Department (with the help of the Forest Products Commission crews) is to be responsible for bushfire prevention and suppression on its lands as well as fire prevention in unallocated Crown land and unmanaged reserves by:
The Department achieved 218,965 hectares of prescribed burning in the south-west forest regions in 2017-18, marking the first time the
nominal target of 200,000 hectares was achieved in consecutive years since 1996–97.
A further 4,692,079 hectares was burnt in the Department’s other six regions, the Kimberley, Pilbara, Goldfields, Midwest, Wheatbelt and South Coast.
Departmental staff attended and monitored 688 bushfires which burnt approximately 2,780,972 hectares in 2017–18.
 Rottnest Island is an A Class Reserve situated in the Indian Ocean, 18 kilometres west of Fremantle, and includes 3,800 hectares of Marine Reserve with five sanctuary zones. The Island is 11 kilometres long and 4.5 kilometres at its widest point. It has 63 sheltered beaches and 20 bays with a land area of 1,900 hectares.
Rottnest Island is one of the most popular recreation and holiday destinations in Western Australia, valued for its scenic natural environment with iconic protected quokka population.
It is also the State’s largest holiday resort attracting 734,637 visitors per year during the financial year 2017-18 (+14% year growth). During that period, the Visitor Centre checked-in 24,670 visitors to RIA-managed accommodation.
The Rottnest sustainability action plan defines a set of short to long-term sustainability goals for the island community. As an example, this last financial year was the first year that zero water was extracted from the Wadjemup Aquifer.
With a land area of 1,900 hectares and five marine sanctuary zones, Rottnest Island and its surrounds are abundant in flora and fauna, including:
 The Botanic Gardens and Parks Authority (BGPA) is responsible for the care, control and management of Bold Park and Kings Park, including the Western Australian Botanic Garden.
 The Perth Zoo has a notable expertise in conservation, research, animal husbandry, community engagement and education. In 2017-18, the Perth Zoo:
Earlier forms of Nature conservation in Western Australia were under:
The Department maintained and coordinated a range of specialist equipment and emergency response vehicles. This included pumpers and tankers and other equipment relating to operations involving search and rescue and firefighting.
Parks and Wildlife Service has 3 types of uniforms:

Château d'Estarvielle
The Château d' Estarvielle is a castle in the "commune" of Estarvielle in the Hautes-Pyrénées "département" of France.

Château de Génos
The Château des Comtes de Génos is a ruined castle in the "commune" of Génos in the Hautes-Pyrénées "département" of France.

The Fertility Transition in Iran: Revolution and Reproduction
The Fertility Transition in Iran: Revolution and Reproduction is a 2009 book by Meimanat Hosseini-Chavoshi, Peter McDonald and Mohammad Jalal Abbasi-Shavazi in which the authors examine the fertility rate changes in the Islamic Republic of Iran.
The book was awarded Iran's Book of the Year Award.

Diamond Lake, Washington
Diamond Lake is an unincorporated community in Pend Oreille County, Washington, United States located southwest of Newport, Washington. The Diamond Lake community is built around the lake as known as Diamond Lake.
Diamond Lake is a natural lake located in the area north of U.S. Route 2.
The average depth of the lake is deep with a maximum depth of . Diamond Lake offers year round fishing and has a population of Largemouth Bass, Yellow Perch, bullheads, Rainbow and Brown trout. A cooperative net pen project releases 12,500 Rainbow Trout, Rainbows and Browns. Approximately 200 Rainbow Trout surplus broodstock are farmed in Diamond Lake annually.

Ryosuke Yamamoto
Ryosuke Yamamoto may refer to:

Timeline of the war in Donbass (April 2018)
This is a timeline of the War in Donbass, from 1 April 2018. The timeline follows an ongoing conflict between Ukraine and anti-government pro-Russian separatists supported by Russian troops in the Donbass region in eastern Ukraine.
According to the information provided by the spokesman of the Ukrainian operational headquarters in the morning, pro-Russian troops had opened fire on 11 occasions on Ukrainian positions on the last day of March (including on 10 occasions in Donetsk region and once in Luhansk region); the fire was returned once. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that two Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in the Donbass region on 31 March. Pro-Russian sources at Donetsk city reported two Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in Staromykhailivka and Trudivske, in the southern area of Donetsk city, using small arms and automatic grenade launchers. According to local officials, the Ukrainian military broke the ceasefire four times within the borders of the self-styled Luhansk People's Republic, when Ukrainian forces employed small arms, rocket launchers, automatic grenade launchers, 82 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured fighting vehicles.
The press-centre of the Joint Forces Operation (JFO) reported in the evening that as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian troops had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on 14 occasions, no casualties were reported. In the outskirts of Donetsk city, 82 mm mortar volleys landed in Avdiivka, Butivka mining complex and Pisky. Avdiivka and Butivka also became the target of small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers. Rebel troops employed heavy machine guns to attack the villages of Kamianka, Verkhnyotoretske and Opytne. In the region of Mariupol, Shyrokyne came under 82 mm mortar fire. Ukrainian positions at Pavlopil and Vodiane were fired at with infantry weapons, sniper rifles and grenade launchers. Heavy machine guns targeted Ukrainian troops at Starohnativka, Talakivka and Hnutove. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, Ukrainian redoubts at Luhanske were struck by small arms fire, heavy machine gun fire and 120 mm mortar volleys. There was an 82 mm mortar attack on Troitske, while small arms fire was reported at Stanytsia Luhanska. By the end of the day, rebel forces had committed 38 ceasefire violations. Pro-Russian authorities told the press that the Ukrainian military opened fire at their positions at Vasiilivka and Zaitseve using infantry weapons. Later in the day, pro-Russian outposts at Spartak were struck by small arms fire, machine gun fire, automatically launched grenades and antitank rockets. Vasiilivka was attacked once again, this time with automatic grenade launchers. Separatist troops were harassed with small arms and heavy machine gun fire at Zabicheve. BMP-2 armoured vehicles from Avdiivka, supported by infantry weapons engaged pro-Russian redoubts at Oktyabrskiy Rudnik. Yasynuvata was fired at by small arms, heavy machine guns and automatic grenade launchers. Sources from the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic said that Ukrainian forces hit and destroyed a military ambulance with an antitank guided missile in the surroundings of Nyzhnie Lozove. The vehicle, a URAL truck, was carrying a wounded soldier at the time of the incident. The driver, a paramedic and the wounded soldier were critically injured.
The spokesman of the Ukrainian operational headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 38 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 32 occasions in Donetsk region and on 6 occasions in Luhansk region). The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence reported at noon no casualties in the Donbass region on the first day of April. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city reported 16 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in six different locations using small arms, snipers, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. Sources from the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic recorded two Ukrainian violations of the truce within the republic's borders. The Ukrainian military used BMP-1 armoured vehicles and antitank guided missiles to engage pro-Russian troops at Nyzhnie Lozove. Three servicemen were injured.
According to the information provided by the JFO press-centre in the evening, as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian forces had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on 10 occasions, exclusively in Donetsk region. By the end of the day, there were 20 ceasefire violation along the demarcation line. In the otskirts of Donetsk city, 82 mm mortar volleys landed in Pisky. Butivka mining complex became the target of small arms, snipers, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers. Avdiivka and Kamianka were also hit by antitank rockets. In the region of Mariupol, Ukrainian troops at Vodiane were harassed with heavy machine gun fire, while Talakivka, Pavlopil, Hnutove, Vodiane and Shyrokyne came under small arms fire. Pro-Russian sources reported several Ukrainian violations of the truce by evening. The Ukrainian military carried out a number of attacks on Pikuzy using small arms, heavy machine guns and automatic grenade launchers. The same kind of weapons were employed against Vasiliivka, while Spartak came under small arms and heavy machine gun fire. Uzhivka was hit by rocket propelled grenades. BMP-1 armoured vehicles engaged pro-Russian positions at the outskirts of Horlivka.
According to the information provided by the spokesman of the Ukrainian operational headquarters in the morning, pro-Russian troops had opened fire on 20 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day, exclusively in Donetsk region; the fire was returned once. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence reported at noon no casualties in the Donbass region on 2 April. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city reported 14 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in eight locations using small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. One pro-Russian soldier was killed in action.
The press-centre of the Joint Forces Operation (JFO) reported in the evening that as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian troops had opened fire on Ukrainian troops on 10 occasions, one Ukrainian soldier was wounded. In the surroundings of Donetsk city, Opytne came under 82 mm mortar fire, while Avdiivka and Pisky were hit by rocket propelled grenades. The separatists attacked Kamianka, Marinka and Butivka coal mine with infantry weapons, including sniper rifles. In the region of Mariupol, antitank rockets landed in Pishchevik and Vodiane. Small arms and sniper fire was reported at Vodiane and Shyrokyne. Pavlopil was the target of heavy machine guns. In the northern section of the demarcation line, the Ukrainian stronghold of Luhanske came under 82 mm mortar fire, and Novooleksandrivka was hit by antitank rockets. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 24. Pro-Russian authorities in Donetsk city told the press that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire several times at evening. In the outskirts of Donetsk city, Ukrainian BMP-1 armoured vehicles from Nevelske, supported by small arms and heavy machine guns engaged pro-Russian positions at Lozove. Nearby Spartak became the target of infantry weapons, automatic grenade launchers and antitank rockets, while Kruta Balka and Yakovliivka were fired at from Avdiivka with small arms and heavy machine guns. Yasynuvata was meanwhile hit by small arms fire, machine gun fire and antitank rockets also fired from Avdiivka. In the region of Mariupol, pro-Russian troops at Pikuzy and Uzhivka were harassed with small arms and sniper fire, while 120 mm mortar rounds fired from Pavlopil landed around pro-Russian redoubts at Sosnovske. Sniper fire from the direction of Vodiane was also reported at Dzerzhinske. Ukrainian troops from Hnutove fired small arms and rocket launchers at the village of Novovyboivo.
The spokesman of the Ukrainian operational headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 24 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 22 occasions in Donetsk region and on 2 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 4 occasions. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that one Ukrainian serviceman was wounded in action in the Donbass region on 3 April. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city recorded 16 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 12 locations using small arms, heavy machine guns, snipers, grenade launchers, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. According to local sources, the Ukrainian military broke the ceasefire two times within the borders of the self-styled Luhansk People's Republic. The Ukrainian forces engaged pro-Russian positions at Nyzhne Lozove and Kalynivka employing small arms, automatic grenade launchers, rocket launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles and BMP-1 armoured vehicles.
According to the information provided by the JFO press-centre in the evening, as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian forces had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on 18 occasions, no casualties were reported. Around Donetsk city, Butivka mining complex became the target of small arms, snipers, rocket launchers and 82 mm mortars. Ukrainian positions at Avdiivka and Kamianka were struck by small arms fire, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers. Antitank rockets also hit Marinka. the rebels used heavy machine guns to harass Ukrainian personnel at Opytne. In the region of Mariupol, armoured fighting vehicles, supported by infantry weapons, opened fire at Ukrainian redoubts near Hnutove, while small arms fire, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers targeted Lebedinske. Rocket propelled grenades were launched at Ukrainian positions at Vodiane, where small arms and sniper fire was also reported. Snipers were likewise active at Shyrokyne. Pavlopil and Lebedinske came under small arms fire. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, Ukrainian troops at Stanytsia Luhanska and Donets railway station received small arms fire. By the end of the day, the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 39. Pro-Russian authorities told the media that Ukrainian forces had attacked Pikuzy, Sakhanka, Uzhivka, Yasinuvata, Spartak, Zaitseve, Dzerzhinske and Trudivske. Among the main incidents, Spartak was shelled by 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles and 82 mm mortars, while pro-Russian positions at Sakhanka were engaged by BMP-2 armoured vehicles. Zaitseve came under 82 mm and 120 mm mortar fire.
According to the information provided by the spokesman of the Ukrainian operational headquarters in the morning, pro-Russian troops had opened fire on 39 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 37 occasions in Donetsk and on 2 occasions in Luhansk region). The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence reported at noon no casualties in the Donbass region on 4 April. Pro-Russian sources at Donetsk city reported 15 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in eight different locations using small arms, snipers, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and BMP-2 armoured vehicles.
The press-centre of the Joint Forces Operation (JFO) reported in the evening that as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian troops had opened fire on Ukrainian troops on 10 occasions, no casualties were reported. In the area around Donetsk city, rebel troops fired small arms and rocket launchers at Ukrainian positions around Avdiivka, Novotroitske, Verkhnyotoretske and Butivka coal mine. Avdiivka and Nevelske also came under heavy machine gun fire. Small arms fire was reported at Kamianka, Berezove and Novomyhailivka. In the region of Mariupol, 120 mm mortar volleys landed in Lebedinske. Marinka was fired at from small arms, sniper rifles, heavy machine guns, rocket launchers and 82 mm mortars. Rebel forces fired small arms and several types of grenade launchers at Pavlopil. Small arms fire was reported at Talakivka. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, the separatists attacked Ukrainian positions at Luhanske with heavy machine guns, grenade launchers, 82 mm mortars and 120 mm mortars, Troitske was shelled with 82 mm mortars, while Ukrainian troops at Novozvanivka came under small arms and heavy machine gun fire. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 27. At Donetsk city, pro-Russian authorities said that the Ukrainian military had broken the ceasefire in several locations along the demarcation line, including Vasiliivka, Spartak, Olenivka, Lozove, Staromykhailivka, Verkhnyotoretske and Petrovsky district in the outskirts of Donetsk city, and in the region of Mariupol, Sakhanka, Dzerzhinske and Uzhivka. The main actions took place at Uzhivka, where BMP-1 armoured vehicles engaged pro-Russian redoubts supported by 120 mm mortar fire nearby Sakhanka, also hit by 120 mm mortar rounds, and Dzerzhinske, which became the target of automatic grenade launchers and 73 mm antitank rockets. Lozove was shelled by BMP-2 armoured vehicles.
The spokesman of the Ukrainian operational headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 27 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 23 occasions in Donetsk and on 4 occasion in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 3 occasions. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence reported at noon no casualties in the Donbass region on 5 April. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city reported 16 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 11 different locations using small arms, snipers, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. Deputy minister of defence from the self-styled Donetsk People's Republic, Eduard Basurin, recorded in his daily briefing 101 Ukrainian violations of the truce over the past week, with 120 rounds fired from 82 mm and 120 mm mortars, weapons banned by the Minsk agreements. Two pro-Russian soldiers were killed by snipers on the same period. Local authorities from the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic denounced two Ukrainian violations of the truce inside the republic boundaries. The Ukrainian army pounded pro-Russian positions at Kalynivka and Dolhe with small arms, automatic grenade launchers, rocket launchers and 82 mm mortars.
According to the information provided by the JFO press-centre in the evening, as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian forces had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on 16 occasions, two Ukrainian servicemen were wounded. In the surroundings of Donetsk city, Pisky was shelled with 82 mm mortars, while Avdiivka and Marinka came under small arms and rocket propelled grenade fire. Rebel troops fired small arms at Krasnohorivka, Butivka coal mine, Kamianka and Pisky. In the region of Mariupol, pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles engaged Ukrainian redoubts at Shyrokyne supported by 122 mm self-propelled artillery. Lebedinske was hit by heavy machine gun fire and antitank rockets, while Ukrainian troops became the target of infantry weapons at Talakivka, Hnutove and Pavlopil. Sniper activity was reported at Shyrokyne. In the northern section of the demarcation line, Luhanske and Novoluhanske were fired at from small arms, heavy machine guns, rocket launchers, 82 mm and 120 mm mortars. Pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles opened fire at Ukrainian redoubts near Troitske, which were also targeted by heavy machine guns and 82 mm mortars. valuiske was shelled with 120 mm mortars. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 42. Pro-Russian sources at Donetsk city told the press that the Ukrainian military attacked Spartak, Yasynuvata, Mineralne, Vasiilivka, Dokuchaievsk and Petrovsky district, in the outskirts of Donetsk city, Shyroka Balka and Dolomitne in the area of Horlivka, and in the region of Mariupol, Sakhanka and Uzhivka. Ukrainian forces used small arms, snipers, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles. In the main incidents, Shyroka Balka was shelled with 120 mm mortars, while 82 mm mortar volleys landed in Sakhanka, Leninske, Dolomitne and Yasynuvata. BMP-1 armoured fighting vehicles opened fire on pro-Russian entrenchments at Sakhanka, Yasynuvata, Dokuchaievsk and Dolomitne. One pro-Russian soldier was killed by snipers at Mineralne.
According to the information provided by the spokesman of the Ukrainian operational headquarters in the morning, pro-Russian troops had opened fire on 42 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 32 occasions in Donetsk region and on 10 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 18 occasions. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that two Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in the Donbass region on 6 April. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city recorded 23 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in ten different areas using small arms, heavy machine guns, snipers, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. The same sources reported the death of one pro-Russian serviceman. According to local officials, the Ukrainian military broke the ceasefire four times within the borders of the self-styled Luhansk People's Republic, when Ukrainian forces employed small arms, automatic grenade launchers, rocket launchers, 82 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured fighting vehicles attacked pro-Russian forces at Kalynivka and Kalynove.
The press-centre of the Joint Forces Operation (JFO) reported in the evening that as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian troops had opened fire on Ukrainian troops on 17 occasions, one Ukrainian soldier was wounded. In the area of Donetsk city, rebel forces opened fire at Ukrainian positions with small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers. Small arms fire and antitank rockets struck Avdiivka and Butivka mining complex, while Ukrainian troops at Krasnohorivka were harassed with small arms fire. Sniper fire was reported at Slavne. In the region of Mariupol, antitank guided missiles were fired at Pishchevik, while Talakivka and Vodiane became the target of small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers. Rebel snipers opened fire on Ukrainian personnel at Talakivka, Pavlopil and Shyrokyne. Ukrainian forces at Pavlopil, Shyrokyne, Hnutove and Pishchevik received small arms fire. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, Ukrainian positions at Luhanske were engaged with heavy machine guns, rocket launchers and 82 mm mortars. Nearby Malynove became the target of small arms, heavy machine guns and grenade launchers. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 42. Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city told the press that Ukrainian forces attacked Spartak, Yasynuvata, Kruta Balka, Olenivka and Dokuchaievsk, in the outskirts of Donetsk city, Dolomitne in the area of Horlivka, and in the region of Mariupol, Sakhanka, Yelenivka and Uzhivka. The Ukrainian military used small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and BMP-2 armoured vehicles. The incidents involved the shelling of Dolomitne from 120 mm mortars and Sakhanka and Lozove from 82 mm mortars. Ukrainian BMP-2 armoured vehicles engaged pro-Russian troops at Spartak.
The spokesman of the Ukrainian operational headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 42 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 38 occasions in Donetsk region and on 4 occasion in Luhansk region); 4 ceasefire violations were registered during the first half of 8 April. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that one Ukrainian serviceman was wounded in action in the Donbass region on 7 April. Pro-Russian sources at Donetsk city reported 19 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in eight locations using small arms, snipers, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. Two pro-Russian soldiers were killed by Ukrainian snipers, one female civilian was wounded. Sources from the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic recorded three Ukrainian violations of the truce within the republic's borders. The Ukrainian military used 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles and 120 mm mortars to engage pro-Russian troops at Veselehorivka and Kalynove. One serviceman was killed and another wounded by mortar fire at Veselehorivka.
According to the information provided by the JFO press-centre in the evening of Orthodox Easter Sunday, as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian forces had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on 12 occasions, four Ukrainian servicemen were wounded. Around Donetsk city, Kaminaka became the target of small arms and rocket launchers, while Ukrainian troops at Avdiivka and Butivka mining complex came under small arms fire. In the region of Mariupol, pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles engaged Ukrainian positions at Bohdanivka, supported by small arms fire. Heavy machine gun fire harassed Ukrainian forces at Vodiane, Hnutove and Pishchevyk, while Lebedinske, Vodiane, Pishevyk and Shyrokyne were raked by small arms fire. Hostile snipers were active at Shyrokyne. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, rebel forces opened fire on Ukrainian positions with heavy machine guns, rocket launchers, 82 mm and 120 mm mortars. Ukrainian troops at Svitlodarsk, meanwhile, became the target of snipers, heavy machine guns and grenade launchers. Antitank rockets struck nearby Krymske and Valuiske. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 35 and one more Ukrainian soldier was wounded. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city told the press that Ukrainian forces opened fire on their troops at Spartak, Kruta Balka and Vasiilivka, in the area of Donetsk city, and Uzhivka and Pikuzy, in the region of Mariupol. The Ukrainian military employed small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, rocket launchers, 82 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles. In the main incidents, Uzhivka came under 82 mm mortars and pro-Russian redoubts at Pikuzy were engaged by BMP-1 armoured vehicles.
According to the information provided by the spokesman of the Ukrainian operational headquarters in the morning, pro-Russian troops had opened fire on 35 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 27 occasions in Donetsk and on 9 occasions in Luhansk region). The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that five Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in the Donbass region on 8 April. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city recorded 19 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in eight different areas using small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, rocket launchers, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles. The same sources denounced a Ukrainian attempt to slip through the demarcation line in the area of Zaitseve, north of Horlivka. The incursion was repelled by the separatists, who claimed that two Ukrainian servicemen were killed. Two pro-Russian soldiers died in the engagement. After an extensive search, which resulted in the death of another pro-Russian serviceman by small arms fire on 12 April, the corpse of the Ukrainian soldier was recovered by rebel forces and handed back to Ukrainian authorities on 15 April at Marinka. According to local sources, the Ukrainian army broke the ceasefire on two occasions within the boundaries of the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic. Ukrainian BMP-1 armoured vehicles from Luhanske attacked pro-Russian positions at Lozove and Kalynivka supported by automatic grenade launchers, ZU-23-2 antiaircraft guns and 82 mm mortars.
The press-centre of the Joint Forces Operation (JFO) reported in the evening that as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian troops had opened fire on Ukrainian troops on 18 occasions, three Ukrainian soldiers were wounded. In the outskirts of Donetsk city, antitank rockets hit Ukrainian positions at Kamianka, Marinka, Opytne and Avdiivka. From Marinka also came reports of heavy machine gun fire. Ukrainian troops at Pisky were harassed by hostile snipers and by small arms fire at Butivka coal mine and Pervomaisk. In the region of Mariupol, 122 mm self-propelled guns opened fire on Ukrainian redoubts at Lebedinske and Shyrokyne, while 120 mm mortar rounds landed in Vodiane. Lebedinske was later fired at from small arms and 82 mm mortars. Rebel forces fired rocket launchers at Shyrokyne, Talakivka and Vodiane, while Pishchevyk was hit by heavy machine gun fire. Small arms fire was reported at Hnutove, Lebedinske, and Pavlopil. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, the separatists fired heavy machine guns and grenade launchers at Luhanske. Rocket propelled grenades also hit Ukrainian positions around Svitlodarsk and Katerinivka. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 35. At Donetsk city, pro-Russian authorities said that the Ukrainian military had broken the ceasefire in several locations along the demarcation line, including Vasiliivka, Mineralne, Kulikove, Staromyhailivka, Abakumove coal mine, Spartak and Petrovsky district in the outskirts of Donetsk city, and in the region of Mariupol Sakhanka, Pikuzy, Petrovske, Uzhivka and Dzerzhinske. Ukrainian forces opened fire on pro-Russian positions using small arms, sniper rifles, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers. 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, antitank guided missiles and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. In the main incidents, 122 mm self-propelled guns firing from Vodiane engaged pro-Russian forces at Uzhivka, while 82 mm and 120 mm mortar volleys fired from Shyrokyne landed in Sakhanka. Ukrainian troops from Talakivka launched antitank guided missiles at Pikuzy. Mineralne came under 120 mm mortar fire.
The spokesman of the Ukrainian operational headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 35 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 32 occasions in Donetsk region and on 3 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 9 occasions. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that three Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in action in the Donbass region on 9 April. Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city recorded 21 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 11 locations using small arms, snipers, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and 122 mm self-propelled artillery.
According to the information provided by the JFO press-centre in the evening, as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian forces had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on 22 occasions, one Ukrainian serviceman was wounded. In the surroundings of Donetsk city, pro-Russian tanks engaged Ukrainian redoubts at Pisky and Kamianka. Rebel troops fired 120 mm mortars at Avdiivka, Pisky, Butivka coal mine and Kamianka. Butivka also came under 82 mm mortar fire. Infantry weapons and rocket launchers were employed to attack Ukrainian troops at Avdiivka, Kamianka, Krasnohorivka, Novotroitske, Butivka, Opytne and Marinka. Armoured fighting vehicles shelled Pisky, and antitank guided missiles were fired at Krasnohorivka. In the region of Mariupol, pro-Russian tanks opened fire on Ukrainian positions at Vodiane. Berdyansk, Lebedinske, Shyrokyne and Vodiane received 120 mm mortar fire, while Lebedinske and Talakivka were hit by 82 mm mortar rounds. Ukrainian troops at Lebedinskye Starohnativka, Talakivka, Hnutove, Vodiane, and Pavlopil came under small arms and heavy machine gun fire. Antitank guided missiles landed in Hnutove and Shyrokyne. In the northern section of the demarcation line, rebel forces fired small arms, heavy machine guns and 82 mm mortars at Novooleksandrivka. Armoured fighting vehicles opened fire at Luhanske. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 64, three more Ukrainian soldiers were wounded and one was injured. Pro-Russian authorities told the press that Ukrainian forces pounded their forces at Volvo Center, Dokuchaievsk, Spartak, Trudivske, Zabicheve, Oktyabrivsky coal mine and Mineralne, in the surroundings of Donetsk city, and Sakhanka, Uzhivka, Pikuzy and Petrovske, in the region of Mariupol. The Ukrainian military used small arms, sniper rifles, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, BMP-1 and BMP-2 armoured vehicles. In the main incidents, Uzhivka came under 120 mm mortar fire, while Sakhanka and Trudivske were shelled with 82 mm mortars. Ukrainian BMP-1 and BMP-2 armoured vehicles from Bohdanivka engaged pro-Russian redoubts at Petrovske supported by 82 mm mortar fire. The industrial area of Volvo Center was hit by 152 mm artillery barrages. Other sources reported tank and 152 mm artillery fire in the western outskirts of Donetsk city later in the night. In the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic, 82 mm and 120 mm mortar fire was reported at Smile and Kalynove-Borshchevate.
According to the information provided by the spokesman of the Ukrainian operational headquarters in the morning, pro-Russian troops had opened fire on 64 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 60 occasions in Donetsk and on 4 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 19 occasions. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that four Ukrainian servicemen were wounded and one was injured in the Donbass region on 10 April. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city recorded 28 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 11 different areas using small arms, snipers, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel vehicles, armoured fighting vehicles and 152 mm self-propelled artillery. Three civilian residents were wounded. According to local officials, Ukrainian forces attacked pro-Russian positions at Zholobok, Kalynivka, Kalynove and Kalynove-Borshchevate, within the boundaries of the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic. The Ukrainian army employed small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles. One pro-Russian soldier was wounded.
The press-centre of the JFO reported in the evening that as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian troops had opened fire on Ukrainian troops on 13 occasions, exclusively in Donetsk region, no casualties were reported. In the region of Donetsk, Ukrainian forces at Pisky were attacked with heavy machine guns, rocket launchers, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and armoured fighting vehicles. Pro-Russian tanks engaged Ukrainian redoubts at nearby Kamianka, while antitank rockets landed in Avdiivka and Marinka, where Ukrainian troops were harassed with small arms and sniper fire. In the region of Mariupol, rebel forces fired grenade launchers at Talakivka and heavy machine guns at Pavlopil, Hnutove and Vodiane. Small arms fire was reported also at Hnutove and Vodiane. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, small arms fire was reported at Stanytsia Luhanska. Troitske was meanwhile hit by 120 mm mortar fire. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 38. Early in the morning the Ukrainian military shelled eight areas around Donetsk city using 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, antiaircraft artillery, BMP-2 armoured vehicles and 122 mm self-propelled guns. Natural gas pipelines were damaged at the district of Kuybishev. Seven civilian residents were wounded. Later in the day, Ukrainian forces attacked Yakovliivka, Kruta Balka, Petrovsky district, Dokuchaievsk, Abakumove coal mine, Staromykhailivka and Spartak, in the area of Donetsk city, and Zaitseve, in the outskirts of Horlivka. In the main incidents, BMP-1 armoured vehicles opened fire on pro-Russian positions at Spartak supported by 82 mm mortar fire, while Kruta Balka and Abakumove coal mine were hit by 82 mm mortar fire. Forces from the self-styled Luhansk People's Republic shot down a Ukrainian drone while on a reconnaissance flight over Smile.
The spokesman of the Ukrainian operational headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 38 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 36 occasions in Donetsk region and on 2 occasions in Luhansk region). The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence reported at noon no casualties in the Donbass region on 11 April. Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city recorded 27 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 13 locations using small arms, snipers, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, antiaircraft guns, armoured personnel carriers, armoured fighting vehicles and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. According to local sources, the Ukrainian military broke the ceasefire two times within the borders of the self-styled Luhansk People's Republic. The Ukrainian forces engaged pro-Russian positions at Kalynove-Borshchevate and Kalynivka employing automatic grenade launchers, 82 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles.
According to the information provided by the JFO press-centre in the evening, as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian forces had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on 28 occasions, no casualties were reported. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 66, one Ukrainian soldier was killed and another wounded. In the outskirts of Donetsk city, 120 mm mortar volleys struck Pisky, while Butivka mining complex came under 82 mm mortar fire. Ukrainian positions at Butivka and Opytne were also engaged by ZU-23-2 antiaircraft guns and armoured fighting vehicles. Marinka, Avdiivka, Opytne and Krasnohorivka became the target of infantry weapons and rocket launchers. Hostile snipersopened fire at Avdiivka and Pisky. In the region of Mariupol, Talakivka was hit by 82 mm mortar fire, while pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles, supported by Zu-23-2 antiaircraft guns, opened fire on Ukrainian forces at Vodiane and Talakivka. The separatists fired small arms, heavy machine guns and grenade launchers at Lebedinske, Hnutove and Shyrokyne. Sniper fire was reported at Pavlopil. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, Troitske was shelled from 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, ZU-23-2 antiaircraft guns and armoured fighting vehicles. Nearby Krymske was hit by 82 mm mortar fire. Ukrainian redoubts at Luhanske were shelled by ZU-23-2 antiaircraft guns and armoured fighting vehicles. Zaitseve, Novozvanivka, Artemove and Svitlodarsk were fired at from infantry weapons and antitank rocket launchers. Intense hostile fire was reported by pro-Russian authorities along the demarcation line throughout the day. In the main incidents, Ukrainian BMP-1 and BMP-2 from Bohdanivka opened fire at pro-Russian positions around Petrovske, in the region of Mariupol, on several occasions. BMP-1 vehicles from Talakivka also shelled nearby Pikuzy, while Novolaspa became the target of BMP-2's cannon fire. In the area of Horlivka, one pro-Russian soldier was killed when Zaitseve came under heavy small arms fire. Holmivsky was fired at from antiaircraft artillery. Ukrainian armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles from Troitske engaged pro-Russian redoubts at Ozeryanivka, which was also hit by 82 mm mortar rounds. BMP-2 armoured vehicles from Novhorodske opened fire on pro-Russian forces at Shyroka Balka. In the outskirts of Donetsk city, Spartak was shelled several times with 82 mm and 120 mm mortars. Volvo-Center and Vesele were hit by 82 mm mortar rounds. Antiaircraft artillery fire was also reported at Vesele, and BMP-2 armoured vehicles opened fire at Bela Kamianka.
According to the information provided by the spokesman of the Ukrainian operational headquarters in the morning, pro-Russian troops had opened fire on 66 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 54 occasions in Donetsk and on 12 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 20 occasions. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that one Ukrainian serviceman was killed and another wounded in the Donbass region on 12 April. Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city reported 45 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 23 areas using small arms, sniper rifles, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, antiaircraft guns, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. According to the same sources, there were 182 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire over the past week. Three pro-Russian soldiers were killed in action and seven civilian residents wounded. The Ukrainian army opened fire 55 times with 152 mm and 122 mm self-propelled artillery and 705 times with 82 mm and 120 mm mortars. Local officials reported that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire on five occasions within the boundaries of the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic. The Ukrainian army employed 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured fighting vehicles to attack pro-Russian positions at Kalynove, Kalynove-Borshchevate, Sentianivka, Sanzharivka and Pervomaisk.
The press-centre of the JFO reported in the evening that as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian troops had opened fire on Ukrainian troops on 20 occasions, no casualties were reported. Around Donetsk city, 82 mm mortar volleys struck Opytne and Kamianka, while antitank rockets landed in Avdiivka, Kamianka and Marinka. Pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles opened fire on Ukrainian redoubts at Kamianka, and heavy machine gun fire raked Ukrainian positions at Nevelske, Avdiivka, Marinka and Butivka mining complex. Small arms fire was reported at Opytne, Kamianka and Butivka. Rebel snipers harassed Ukrainian troops at Avdiivka. In the region of Mariupol, rebel forces fired rocket propelled grenades at Vodiane, Pavlopil, Bohdanivka and Lebedinske and heavy machine guns at Pavlopil. Ukrainian positions at Talakivka and Bohdanivka were shelled by armoured fighting vehicles. Small arms fire was reported at Lebedinske, Pavlopil, Talakivka and Vodiane. In the northern section of the demarcation line, armoured fighting vehicles opened fire on Ukrainian redoubts at Troitske supported by heavy machine guns, rocket launchers, 82 mm and 120 mm mortars. Krymske was hit by 82 mm mortar fire, and Zaitseve by small arms fire and antitank rockets. The separatists fired heavy machine guns at Svitlodarsk. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 43, one Ukrainian serviceman was wounded. Pro-Russian authorities told the press that Ukrainian forces attacked Mineralne, Trudivske, Spartak, Kruta Balka, Dokuchaievsk, in the outskirts of Donetsk city, Uzhivka, Sosnovske and Petrovske, in the region of Mariupol, and, in the area of Horlivka, Gagarin mining complex, Dolomitne and Ozeryanivka. In the main incidents, Spartak was repeatedly hit by 82 mm mortar fire, while BMP-1 armoured vehicles engaged pro-Russian positions at Ozeryanivka, Kruta Balka, Sosnovske and Gagarin mining complex. BMP-2 armoured vehicles opened fire at Trudivske, Petrovske and Spartak, while antiaircraft fire raked Gagarin mining complex.
The spokesman of the Ukrainian operational headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 43 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 39 occasions in Donetsk and on 4 occasions in Luhansk region). The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that one Ukrainian serviceman was wounded in action in the Donbass region on 13 April. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city recorded 19 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 12 different areas using small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, antiaircraft guns, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles. According to local officials, the Ukrainian military broke the ceasefire four times within the borders of the self-styled Luhansk People's Republic. Ukrainian forces employed small arms, heavy machine guns, 82 mm mortars and 120 mm mortars to pound pro-Russian redoubts at Zholobok, Lozove, Sentianivka and Obozne.
According to the information provided by the JFO press-centre in the evening, as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian forces had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on 28 occasions, one Ukrainian serviceman was wounded. In the surroundings of Donetsk city, rebel forces shelled Pisky and Butivka coal mine with 82 mm mortars. Antitank rockets struck Ukrainian outposts at Avdiivka, Kamianka, Butivka coal mine and Marinka. Pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles engaged Ukrainian positions at Novotroitske. Ukrainian troops at Avdiivka came under small arms and antiaircraft direct fire. Heavy machine gun fire was reported at Novotroitske and Butivka coal mine, while Ukrainian troops were harassed by small arms fire at Kamianka and Novomykhailivka and by sniper fire at Butivka. In the region of Mariupol, 122 mm artillery barrages landed in Shyrokyne, while different types of grenade launchers were fire at Vodiane, Lebedinske and Talakivka. Ukrainian redoubts at Vodiane were fired at by armoured fighting vehicles. Ukrainian forces at Pavlopil, Hnutove, Lebedinske and Vodiane were targeted by heavy machine guns, and by small arms at Shyrokyne, Pavlopil, Lebedinske and Talakivka. Snipers opened fire on Ukrainian personnel at Talakivka. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, Zaitseve was struck by 120 mm mortar fire. Pro-Russian rebels attacked nearby Luhanske with heavy machine guns, rocket launchers, 82 mm mortars and armoured fighting vehicles. Ukrainian redoubts at Mayorsk became the target of heavy machine guns and rocket launchers, while heavy machine gun fire struck Troitske. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 52, two more Ukrainian soldiers were wounded. Pro-Russian sources reported Ukrainian violations of the truce at Mineralne, Zhabicheve, Dokuchaievsk, Kruta Balka, Verkhnyotoretske, Spartak and Yasynuvata, in the surroundings of Donetsk city, Zaitseve, Izotove coal mine and Dolomitne, in the area of Horlivka and in the region of Mariupol, Uzhivka and Sakhanka. In the main incidents, Ukrainian troops shelled Uzhivka and Sakhanka with 82 mm and 120 mm mortars; 120 mm mortar volleys also landed in Zaitseve. Dolomitne and Mineralne were meanwhile struck by 82 mm mortars fired from Novoluhanske. BMP-1 armoured vehicles shelled Shyroka Balka and Izotove mining complex. Pro-Russian positions at Dokuchaievsk, Spartak and Yasynuvata were engaged by BMP-2 armoured vehicles.
According to the information provided by the spokesman of the Ukrainian operational headquarters in the morning, pro-Russian troops had opened fire on 52 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 41 occasions in Donetsk and on 11 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 19 occasions. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence reported at noon that two Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in action and one was wounded by explosion of an unidentified explosive device in the Donbass region on 14 April. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city reported 20 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 11 locations using small arms, snipers, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. Officials from the self-styled Luhansk People's Republic said that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire three times within the republic boundaries. The Ukrainian military employed small arms, heavy machine guns, grenade launchers, 120 mm mortars and armoured fighting vehicles to attack pro-Russian positions at Kalynove, Kalynivka and Nyzhnie Lozove.
The press-centre of the JFO reported in the evening that as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian troops had opened fire on Ukrainian troops on 24 occasions, no casualties were reported. In the surroundings of Donetsk city, Novotroitske was hit by 120 mm mortar volleys, while Pisky came under 82 mm mortar fire. Rebel forces fired small arms, heavy machine guns and grenade launchers to engage Ukrainian forces at Avdiivka, Kamianka, Butivka mining complex and Verkhnyotoretske. Pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles shelled Pisky, and hostile sniper were active at Novotroitske. Heavy machine gun fire was reported at Opytne. Sniper fire harassed Ukrainian trops at Slavne and Berezove. In the region of Mariupol, 82 mm and 120 mm mortar rounds landed in Pavlopil; nearby Lebedinske was also hit by 120 mm mortar fire. Pyshchevik, Shyrokyne and Hnutove became the target of small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers. Ukrainian positions at Talakivka were attacked by armoured fighting vehicles, while Ukrainian troops at Lebedinske came under sniper fire. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, Luhanske and Svitlodarsk were shelled with 82 mm and 120 mm mortars. The rebels also employed 120 mm mortars to pound Ukrainian positions at Troitske. Novoluhanske and Novhorodske became the target of heavy machine guns and rocket launchers. Pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles opened fire on Ukrainian redoubts at Luhanske and Troitske. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 59, one Ukrainian serviceman was wounded and another injured. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city told the press that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire several times since the morning. The Ukrainian military opened fire at Dokuchaievsk, Kruta Balka, Verkhnyotoretske, Volvo Center, and Spartak, in the surroundings of Donetsk city, Shyroka Balka, Zaitseve, Dolomitne, Zheleznaya Balka and Ozeryanivka in the area of Horlivka and in the region of Mariupol, Sakhanka and Uzhivka. In the main incidents, Zaitseve, Dolomitne and Dokuchaievsk came under 120 mm mortar fire. Sakhanka was shelled with 82 mm mortars, BMP-1 armoured vehicles engaged pro-Russian positions at Sakhanka, Shyroka Balka and Zheleznaya Balka, which also became the target of antiaircraft guns. Some hours later, pro-Russian positions at Zheleznaya Balka were also fired at from BMP-2 armoured vehicles. An antitank guided missile was fired at Dolomitne.
The spokesman of the Ukrainian operational headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 59 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 42 occasions in Donetsk region and on 17 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 24 occasions. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence reported at noon that two Ukrainian servicemen were injured in the Donbass region on 15 April. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city reported 31 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 14 different locations using small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, antiaircraft guns, antitank guided missiles, armoured personnel carriers, armoured fighting vehicles and 100 mm antitank artillery. Officials from the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic recorded six Ukrainian violations of the truce within the republic's borders. Ukrainian forces engaged pro-Russian positions at Kalynyvka, Sazharivka and Lohvynove using small arms, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless guns, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, BMP-1 and BMP-2 armoured vehicles. One pro-Russian soldier was killed in action and another wounded.
According to the information provided by the JFO press-centre in the evening, as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian forces had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on 22 occasions, no casualties were reported. In the area of Donetsk city, rebel forces employed heavy machine guns, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and armoured fighting vehicles to attack Ukrainian positions at Pisky. Avdiivka, Marinka, Verkhnyotoretske, Kamianka, Novotroitske and Butivka mining complex came under small arms and rocket propelled grenade fire. Ukrainian troops at Marinka were harassed with heavy machine gun fire. Small arms fire was reported at Opytne and Nevelske. In the region of Mariupol, rebel troops fired small arms, and grenade launchers at Shyrokyne, Vodiane and Hnutove. Pro-Russian armoured personnel carriers engaged Ukrainian positions at Vodiane, while armoured fighting vehicles shelled Talakivka and Hnutove. Lebedinske, Pyshchevik, Talakivka and Pavlopil came under heavy machine gun fire. Small arms fire harassed Ukrainian positions at Lebedinske, Hnutove and Talakivka. Sniper fire was reported at Shyrokyne. In the northern section of the demarcation line, heavy shelling was reported at Zaitseve, which came under 82 mm mortar, 122 mm and 152 mm self-propelled artillery fire. Luhanske was fired at from armoured fighting vehicles, while Krymske was hit by antitank rockets. Heavy machine gun fire was recorded at Luhanske and Novoluhanske. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 52, one Ukrainian soldier (born in 1997) was killed, two servicemen and a servicewoman (nurse-anesthetist) were wounded and two soldiers injured (one of them by a laser). Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city reported several violations of the ceasefire throughout the day. Spartak, Dokuchaievsk, Yasynuvata and Zhabicheve, in the outskirts of Donetsk, Zaitseve, Gagarin coal mine, 6-7 coal mine, Dolomitne and Zheleznaya Balka in the area of Horlivka and Uzhivka, Petrovske, Pikuzy, Verhnioshyrokivske and Sosnovske in the region of Mariupol came under attack. In the main incidents, Dolomitne was hit by 82 mm mortar rounds and antitank guided missiles, Uzhivka, Petrovske, Gagarin mining complex and Zaitseve were struck by 120 mm mortar volleys; Uzhivka and Zaitseve were also shelled with 82 mm mortars. Spartak became the target of 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles and 82 mm mortars. BMP-2 armoured vehicles from Novotroitske opened fire on pro-Russian redoubts at Dokuchaievsk, supported by 82 mm mortar fire. BMP-1 armoured vehicles from Dzerzhinsky engaged pro-Russian positions at Gagarin mining complex, while BTR-80 armoured personnel carriers from Novhorodske attacked Zheleznaya Balka. Zhabicheve was raked by cannon fire from BMP-2 armoured vehicles. Heavy fire was reported at coal mine 6-7 later in the night, when pro-Russian redoubts in the area were engaged by Ukrainian tanks and 152 mm self-propelled artillery firing from Daliivka.
According to the information provided by the spokesman of the Ukrainian operational headquarters in the morning, pro-Russian troops had opened fire on 52 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 43 occasions in Donetsk and on 9 occasions in Luhansk region (including 5 times at Zaitseve)); the fire was returned on 20 occasions. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that one Ukrainian serviceman was killed and several others were wounded and injured in the Donbass region on 16 April. For the first time during the war a combat related injury caused by a laser weapon was reported. Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city recorded 35 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 17 locations using small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, antitank guided missiles, armoured personnel carriers, armoured fighting vehicles, tanks and 152 mm artillery. One pro-Russian soldier was killed in action. Sources from the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic said that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire five times within the republic boundaries. The Ukrainian army employed small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, rocket launchers, 120 mm mortars, BMP-1 armoured vehicles and 152 mm self-propelled guns to attack pro-Russian positions at Kalynivka, Lohvynove, Makarove and Kalynove.
The press-centre of the JFO reported in the evening that as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian troops had opened fire on Ukrainian troops on 21 occasions, as a result one Ukrainian sereviceman was killed and two were wounded. Around Donetsk city, Novotroitske was hit by rocket propelled grenades and 82 mm mortar rounds. The rebels also fired small arms, heavy machineguns and rocket launchers at Ukrainian positions near Avdiivka, Butivka mining complex, Verkhnyotoretske and Kamianka. Heavy machine gun fire was reported at Opytne and small arms fire at Nevelske. In the region of Mariupol, pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles opened fire at Ukrainian forces at Vodiane and Pavlopil. Rebel forces attacked Vodiane and Hnutove with small arms, heavy machine guns, rocket launchers and 120 mm mortars. Pyshchevik, Talakivka and Pavlopil became the target of small arms, heavy machine guns and grenade launchers. Heavy machine guns were fired at Lebedinske and small arms at Shyrokyne. Hostile snipers were active at Lebedinske and Hnutove. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, Zaitseve was hit by 152 mm artillery volleys. Ukrainian troops in the area were also harassed by sniper fire. Rebel forces shelled Troitske with 120 mm mortars, and nearby Novooleksandrivka with rocket launchers and 82 mm mortars. Heavy machine gun firewas reported at Luhanske. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 45 and one more Urainian serviceman was wounded. Multiple ceasefire violations by Ukrainian forces were reported by pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city. The Ukrainian military opened fire at Dokuchaievsk, Yakovliivka, Zhabicheve, Spartak, Vasiilivka and Yasynuvata, in the environs of Donetsk city, Zaitseve, Dolomitne, Mayorsk checkpoint, Shyroka Balka, Dolomitne and Ozeryanivka, in the area of Horlivka, and Petrovske, Uzhivka and Pikuzy, in the region of Mariupol. In the main incidents, Ukrainian tanks engaged pro-Russian forces at Mayorsk checkpoint early in the morning, while Shyroka Balka was struck by 122 mm artillery volleys. Nearby Zaitseve came under 120 mm mortar fire, and antitank guided missiles were launched at Dolomitne.
The spokesman of the Ukrainian operational headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 45 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 40 occasions in Donetsk region and on 5 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 22 occasions. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that one Ukrainian serviceman was killed and three others were wounded in action in the Donbass region on 17 April. Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city recorded 27 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 14 different locations using small arms, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless guns, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, antitank guided missiles, armoured personnel carriers, armoured fighting vehicles, tanks and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. The same sources reported five civilian workers from the water purification plant wounded at Yasynuvata. Local authorities in the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic said that Ukrainian forces broke the truce on four occasions within the republic borders. The Ukrainian military employed small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 82 mm and 120 mm mortars to attack pro-Russian positions at Kalynove, Kalinivka and Zholobok.
According to the information provided by the JFO press-centre in the evening, as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian forces had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on 20 occasions, one Ukrainian serviceman was wounded. In the surroundings of Donetsk city, rebel forces opened fire at Ukrainian troops at Nevelske, Novotroitske and Buitvka mining complex with small arms, heavy machine guns, rocket launchers, 82 mm and 120 mm mortars. Pisky was hit by 82 mm mortar barrages, while antitank rockets landed in Avdiivka. Ukrainian positions at Opytne were raked by heavy machine gun fire. Small arms fire was reported at Verkhnytoretske, Marinka, Kamianka and Avdiivka. In the region of Mariupol, Nykolaevka came under 120 mm mortar fire, while grenade launchers and 82 mm mortars were fired at Vodiane. Pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles opened fire at Bohdanivka, and rocket launchers were fired at Talakivka, Hnutove and Bohdanivka. Heavy machine gun fire harassed Ukrainian troops at Talakivka and Vodiane. Lebedinske and Shyrokyne came under small arms fire. Snipers were active around Hnutove. In the northern section of the demarcation line, Popasna and Novooleksandrivka received 82 mm mortar fire. Antitank rockets hit Ukrainian positions at Luhanske and Svitlodarsk, while heavy machine gun fire struck Novoluhanske. Ukrainian troops became the target of hostile snipers at Mayorsk and Novhoroske. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 50 and another Ukrainian soldier was injured. Several Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire were reported to the press by pro-Russian authorities at evening. Yasynuvata, Volvo Center, Trudivske, Mineralne, Dokuchaievsk and Zhabicheve, in the area around Donetsk city, and in the region of Mariupol Uzhivka, Pikuzy and Dzerzhinske came under hostile fire. In the main incidents, the water purification plant at Yasynuvata, north of Donetsk city, came under heavy fire and had to be evacuated. Operations at the facilities were suspended for the next five days after the area was hit by small arms fire, machine gun fire and 82 mm mortar rounds. Ukrainian tanks from Pisky engaged pro-Russian redoubts at Volvo Center, supported by 82 mm and 120 mm mortar fire. Pikuzy was struck by 120 mm mortar volleys, an apartment building and a power line were heavily damaged. The village was left without electrical power. BMP-2 armoured vehicles opened fire at pro-Russian forces at Trudivske and Dokuchaievsk. Uzhivka, Pikuzy and Zhabicheve came under 82 mm mortar fire.
According to the information provided by the spokesman of the Ukrainian operational headquarters in the morning, pro-Russian troops had opened fire on 50 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 41 occasions in Donetsk and on 9 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 14 occasions. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that one Ukrainian serviceman was wounded and another injured in the Donbass region on 18 April. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city recorded 20 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 10 different locations using small arms, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers, armoured fighting vehicles and tanks. Sources from the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic recorded three Ukrainian violations of the truce within the republic's borders. Ukrainian forces engaged pro-Russian positions at Kalynyvka, Kalynove and Pervomaisk using 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles.
The press-centre of the JFO reported in the evening that as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian troops had opened fire on Ukrainian troops on 12 occasions, as a result one Ukrainian sereviceman was wounded. In the surroundings of Donetsk city, Pisky was shelled with 82 mm and 120 mm mortars. Nearby Opytne came under 120 mm mortar fire, while Avdiivka was struck by 82 mm mortar volleys. Rebel forces attacked Kamianka, Avdiivka and Butivka mining complex with small arms, heavy machine guns, rocket launchers. Ukrainian troops at Marinka were harassed with small arms fire. In the region of Mariupol, Ukrainian positions at Vodiane and Lebedinske were hit by small arms fire, heavy machine gun fire and antitank rockets. Small arms fire was reported at Hnutove and Pyshchevik. In the northern section of the demarcation line, antitank rockets landed in Stanytsia Luhanska, Artema and Travneve. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 35 and another Urainian soldier was wounded. A number of ceasefire violations were recorded in the course of the day by pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city in several locations along the demarcation line. Volvo Center, Mykhailivka, Zhabicheve, Vasiilivka, Kruta Balka and Trudivske, in the outskirts of Donetsk city, Uzhivka, Dzerzhinske and Pikuzy, in the region of Mariupol, and Ozeryanivka, in the area of Horlivka came under fire. In the main incidents, 82 mm and 120 mm mortar volleys hit the industrial area of Volvo Center, while nearby Zhabicheve came under 120 mm mortar fire. BMP-2 armoured vehicles from Marinka opened fire on pro-Russian positions at Trudivske, supported by infantry weapons. BMP-1 armoured vehicles from Talakivka shelled Pikuzy, while Uzhivka and Dzerzhinske became the target of 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles. BTR-80 armoured personnel carriers from Verkhnyotoretske engaged pro-Russian redoubts at Mykhailivka, while BMP-2 armoured vehicles and BTR-80 armoured personnel carriers from Troitske attacked Ozeryanivka. Ukrainian snipers opened fire at Marinka checkpoint, wounding three civilian commuters.
The spokesman of the Ukrainian operational headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 35 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 32 occasions in Donetsk region and on 3 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 19 occasions. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that two Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in action in the Donbass region on 19 April. Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city recorded 18 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 13 locations using small arms, heavy machine guns, snipers, grenade launchers, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. The same sources denounced 78 Ukrainian violations of the truce over the past week. On the same period, the Ukrainian army fired 122 mm and 152 mm self-propelled artillery 77 times, 69 tank rounds and 863 82 mm and 120 mm mortar shells, all of them weapons banned by the Minsk agreements. Officials from the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic said that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire two times within the republic boundaries. The Ukrainian army employed small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles to attack pro-Russian positions at Prishib and Kalynove.
According to the information provided by the JFO press-centre in the evening, as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian forces had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on 20 occasions, one Ukrainian serviceman was killed and another wounded. In the outskirts of Donetsk city, 120 mm mortar volleys landed at Novotroitske, while Pisky and Butivka mining complex came under 82 mm mortar fire. Small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers were fired at Butivka mining complex, Verkhnyotoretske, Opytne and Pisky. Small arms fire was reported at Marinka, Avdiivka, Nevelske and Novotroitske. In the region of Mariupol, pro-Russian forces fired BM-21 "Grad" multiple rocket launchers at Ukrainian redoubts around Lebedinske; a barrage of 40 rockets struck home. Lebedinske also became the target of small arms, heavy machine guns, rocket launchers and 82 mm mortars. Heavy shelling was likewise reported at Shyrokyne and Vodiane, where Ukrainian positions were pounded with 120 mm mortars and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. Vodiane was later hit by 82 mm mortar fire. Hnutove, meanwhile, was fired at from small arms, heavy machine guns and grenade launchers. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, 122 mm self-propelled guns shelled Popasna. Pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles engaged Ukrainian positions at Krymske and Troitske, in the later case supported by 82 mm mortar fire. Ukrainian troops at Zaitseve became the target of snipers and rocket launchers. Heavy machine gun fire was reported at Pervomaisk and small arms fire at Novoluhanske. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 36. Pro-Russian authorities told the press that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire on several occasions throughout the day. Zhabicheve, Dokuchaievsk, Oktyabrskaya coal mine, in the area surrounding Donetsk city, Zaitseve and Holmivsky, in the area of Horlivka, and Uzhivka, Pikuzy and Bela Kamianka, in the region of Mariupol were targeted by the Ukrainian military. In the main incidents, BMP-1 armoured vehicles attacked Uzhivka, supported by 82 mm mortars. Dokuchaievsk came under 82 mm and 120 mm mortars. Oktyabrskaya coal mine was shelled with 120 mm mortars, and Holmivsky with 82 mm mortars. BMP-2 armoured vehicles opened fire on pro-Russian positions at Dokuchaievsk.
According to the information provided by the spokesman of the Ukrainian operational headquarters in the morning, pro-Russian troops had opened fire on 36 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 28 occasions in Donetsk and on 8 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 15 occasions. By 9:00 am of 21 April 9 attacks on Ukrainian positions were registered. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that one Ukrainian serviceman was killed and another was wounded in the Donbass region on 20 April. Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city reported 22 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 12 locations using small arms, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. Local sources told the press that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire on five occasions within the boundaries of the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic. The Ukrainian military employed small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, rocket launchers and BMP-1 armoured vehicles to attack pro-Russian positions at Zeleznaya Roshcha, Kalynove, Nyzhne Lozove and Knyaz Igor memorial.
The press-centre of the JFO reported in the evening that as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian troops had opened fire on Ukrainian troops on 31 occasions. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 47, one Ukrainian serviceman was killed, two were wounded and two injured. In the environs of Donetsk city, Novotroitske was shelled with 120 mm mortars, while Avdiivka and Nevelske were attacked with small arms and rocket launchers. Heavy machine gun and sniper fire was reported at Novotroitske. Ukrainian personnel at Krasnohorivka and Butivka mining complex. Pro-Russian tanks engaged Ukrainian redoubts at Pavlopil and Pyshchevik, in the region of Mariupol. In the same area, 120 mm mortar barrages hit Vodiane, and armoured fighting vehicles opened fire at Pavlopil and Talakivka. Rebel troops fired small arms and rocket launchers at Hnutove and Vodiane, and heavy machine guns at Pyshchevik, Talakivka and Chernenko. Ukrainian forces were harassed with small arms at Lebedinske and sniper fire at Pavlopil. In the northern section of the demarcation line, Zaitseve, Katerinivka, and Novooleksandrivka came under 120 mm mortar fire, while Novoselivka, Luhanske, Novhorodske, and Zaitseve were shelled with 82 mm mortars. Zaitseve was also hit by antitank rockets. Ukrainian troops at Krymske became the target of small arms and grenade launchers, Small arms fire was likewise reported at Novoselivka. As a result, one Ukrainian serviceman was wounded and another soldier had suffered combat related injuries. Pro-Russian sources at Donetsk city reported a number of Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire by evening. The Ukrainian military opened fire at pro-Russian forces at Dokuchaievsk, Kruta Balka, Zhabicheve, Mykhailivka, Abakumove, Spartak, Trudivske and Staromyhailivka, in the area of Donetsk city, Ozeryanivka, Dolomitne and Zaitseve in the area of Horlivka and in the region of Mariupol Sosnovske, Pikuzy and Dzerzhinske. In the main incidents, Ukrainian forces at Dokuchaievsk were engaged with automatic grenade launchers, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and BMP-2 armoured vehicles. Zhabicheve, Dzerzhinske, Pikuzy and Abakumove came under 82 mm mortar fire. Later, 120 mm mortar volleys landed in Pikuzy and Ozeryanivka. Colonel Andryi Marochko, military spokesman of the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic, announced that pro-Russian forces shot down an armed Ukrainian drone over the city of Luhansk, the second since 1 April.
The spokesman of the Ukrainian operational headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 47 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 36 occasions in Donetsk region and on 11 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 20 occasions. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that one Ukrainian soldier was killed, two others were wounded and another two were injured in action in the Donbass region on 21 April. Pro-Russian sources at Donetsk city recorded 36 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 18 different locations using small arms,heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. Officials from the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic said that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire four times within the republic boundaries. The Ukrainian army employed small arms, rocket launchers, 82 mm and 120 mm mortars to attack pro-Russian positions at Zholobok, Pervomaisk and Kalynove-Borshchevate. The same sources said that one civilian resident was killed by an explosive device at Vrubivskyi, in Lutuhyne Raion.
According to the information provided by the JFO press-centre in the evening, as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian forces had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on 10 occasions, with no accompanying casualties on the Ukrainian side. In the area around Donetsk city, small arms and rocket launchers were fired at Avdiivka, Butivka mining complex and Marinka. Heavy machine gun fire was reported at Krasnohorivka and small arms fire at Kamianka. Ukrainian troops at Novotroitske came under sniper fire. In the region of Mariupol, rebel forces opened fire on Ukrainian positions at Talakivka with small arms, heavy machine guns, grenade launchers and 82 mm mortars. Vodiane was hit by small arms fire and antitank rockets, while heavy machine guns were fired at Pavlopil, Hnutove and Shyrokyne. Sniper fire was reported at Pavlopil. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, 120 mm mortar volleys landed in Nohorodske and Luhanske. The separatists also fired 82 mm mortars at Novoselivka, Novhorodske and Troitske. Pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles shelled Luhanske and Troitske. Heavy machine gun fire struck Ukrainian positions at Troitske, Luhanske and Novoselivka. Ukrainian troops at Novhorodske became the target of small arms. By the end of the day, the number of incidents had risen to 30. A number of Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire were reported throughout the day by pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city. Dokuchaievsk, Vasiliivka, Yasynuvata, Yakovliivka, Trudivske, Verkhnyotoretske, Kruta Balka, Mineralne and Mykhailivka, in the outskirts of Donetsk city, Ozeryanivka, Dolomitne, Zaitseve and Shyroka Balka in the area of Horlivka and in the region of Mariupol, Sosnovske and Dzerzhinske were fired at from Ukrainian positions. In the main incidents, Ukrainian forces shelled Ozeryanivka and Yasynuvata with 82 mm and 120 mm mortars. Dokuchaievsk and Kruta Balka came under 120 mm mortar fire, while 82 mm mortar rounds landed in Dzerzhinske and Shyroka Balka. BMP-2 armoured vehicles engaged pro-Russian positions at Dokuchaievsk, Mykhailivka and Ozeryanivka.
According to the information provided by the spokesman of the Ukrainian operational headquarters in the morning, pro-Russian troops had opened fire on 30 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 25 occasions in Donetsk and on 5 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 20 occasions. By 9:00 am of 23 April 10 attacks on Ukrainian positions were recorded. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence reported at noon no casualties in the Donbass region on 22 April. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city recorded 32 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 17 locations using small arms, heavy machine guns, grenade launchers, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. Four days after being attacked with mortar fire, Yasynuvata's water purification plant resumed operations as usual. Local sources reported that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire on six occasions within the boundaries of the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic. The Ukrainian army employed small arms, machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles to attack pro-Russian positions at Prishib, Stepove, Lohvynove, Kalynove and Slavyanoserbsk.
The press-centre of the JFO reported in the evening that as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian troops had opened fire on Ukrainian troops on 25 occasions, as a result three Ukrainian servicemen were wounded. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 44, one more Ukrainian serviceman was wounded and one was injured. In the outskirts of Donetsk city, Butivka mining complex was targeted by 82 mm mortars. Separatist forces opened fire on Avdiivka, Verkhnyotoretske, Kamianka, Krasnohorivka, Marinka, Nevelske and Butivkamining complex using small arms, heavy machine guns, grenade launchers and armoured fighting vehicles. In the region of Mariupol, Vodiane was hit by 120 mm mortars, while 82 mm mortar volleys struck Lebedinske. Pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles engaged pro-Russian positions at Vodiane, Hnutove, Lebedinske, Pavlopil, Pyshchevik and Talakivka supported by infantry weaponsand rocket launchers. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, Troitske was shelled with 82 mm and 120 mm mortars; 82 mm mortar rounds also landed in Novooleksandrivka. Novozvanivka, Popasna, Troitske and Novoselivka became the target of small arms, heavy machine guns and grenade launchers. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city told the press that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire several times in the course of the day. Yasynuvata, Dokuchaievsk, Staromykhailivka, Mykhailivka, Volvo Center and Spartak, in the surroundings of Donetsk city, Sakhanka, Uzhivka, Styla and Pikuzy in the region of Mariupol, and in the area of Horlivka, Zaitseve and Shyroka Balka came under attack. In the main incidents, Dokuchaievsk became the target of 120 mm mortars and antitank guided missiles; a farm complex was damaged. Heavy shelling was meanwhile reported at Uzhivka, shelled with 120 mm mortars and 152 mm self-propelled artillery firing from Vodiane. Zaitseve, Yasynuvata, Uzhivka, Pikuzy, Sakhanka and Styla came under 82 mm mortar fire. BMP-1 armoured vehicles opened fire at pro-Russian positions at Pikuzy, Spartak, Sakhanka, Styla and Shyroka Balka. BMP-2 armoured vehicles attacked Yasynuvata and Zaitseve. Pro-Russian forces at Mykhailivka were engaged by BTR-80 armoured personnel carriers from Verkhnyotoretske, supported by 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles and heavy small arms fire.
The spokesman of the Ukrainian operational headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 44 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 34 occasions in Donetsk region and on 10 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 23 occasions. By 9:00 am of 24 April 13 ceasefire violations were registered. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence reported at noon that two Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in action and three others were injured by explosion of an unidentified explosive device in the Donbass region on 23 April. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city recorded 20 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 13 different locations using small arms, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, antitank guided missiles, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. One civilian resident was killed and another wounded at Zaitseve. Local authorities in the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic said that Ukrainian forces broke the truce on six occasions within the republic borders. The Ukrainian military employed small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless guns, 82 mm and 120 mm mortars to attack pro-Russian positions at Kalynove, Kalinivka, Stepove and Pervomaisk.
According to the information provided by the JFO press-centre in the evening, as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian forces had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on 28 occasions, four Ukrainian servicemen were wounded. In the area around Donetsk city, Novotroitske was hit by 120 mm mortar barrages. Rocket propelled grenades landed in Avdiivka and Marinka, and heavy machine gun fire was reported at Pervomaisk, Krasnohorivka and Butivka mining complex. Ukrainian troops at Kamianka, Novomykhailivka and Avdiivka were harassed with small arms fire. In the region of Mariupol, heavy shelling was reported at Lomakine, which became the target of antitank rockets, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and 122 mm self-prpeled artillery. Hnutove and Pyshchevik came under 120 mm mortar fire, and 82 mm mortar volleys struck Shyrokyne and Vodiane. Rocket launchers were fired at Hnutove, Talakivka, Lebedinske and Pyshchevik. Ukrainian positions at Pavlopil were raked with heavy machine gun fire, while armoured fighting vehicles attacked Vodiane, Hnutove and Pyshchevik. Small arms fire was reported at Vodiane and Talakivka, and sniper activity at Pavlopil, Talakivka and Shyrokyne. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 69, five more Ukrainian soldiers were wounded and two were injured. Pro-Russian sources told the press that Ukrainian forces opened fire at pro-Russian positions on several occasions throughout the day. The Ukrainian army attacked Trudivske, Kruta Balka, Dokuchaievsk, Verkhnyotoretske and Yasynuvata, in the environs of Donetsk city, Zaitseve, Ozeryanivka, Izotove coal mine and Dolomitne, in the area of Horlivka, and in the region of Mariupol, Sakhanka, Verhnioshyrokivske, Uzhivka, Dzerzhinske and Zaichenko. In the main incidents, Sakhanka, Uzhivka, Trudivske, Verhnioshyrokivske and Dolomitne came under 120 mm mortar fire. Ukrainian troops shelled Pikuzy, Uzhivka, Trudivske, Yasynuvata, Dokuchaievsk and Zaichenko with 82 mm mortars. BMP-1 armoured vehicles engaged pro-Russian redoubts at Zaitseve, Trudivske and Uzhivka, while BMP-2 armoured vehicles opened fire at Verhnioshyrokivske, Pikuzy, Trudivske, Volvo Center and Zaichenko. Pro-Russian forces at Pikuzy became the target of antiaircraft guns.
According to the information provided by the spokesman of the Ukrainian operational headquarters in the morning, pro-Russian troops had opened fire on 69 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 49 occasions in Donetsk and on 20 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 30 occasions. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that seven Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in action, two were injured in a combat related situation, and two were wounded by explosion of an IED the Donbass region on 24 April. Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city recorded 43 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 21 locations using small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, antiaircraft guns, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. According to local sources, the Ukrainian military broke the ceasefire 12 times within the borders of the self-styled Luhansk People's Republic. The Ukrainian military employed sniper rifles, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, BMP-1 armoured vehicles and 122 mm self-propelled artillery to engage pro-Russian positions at Kalynivka, Lohvynove, Nyzhnie Lozove, Zholobok and Knyaz Igor memorial.
The press-centre of the JFO reported in the evening that as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian troops had opened fire on Ukrainian troops on 33 occasions, as a result four Ukrainian servicemen were wounded and one soldier was injured. In the area of Donetsk city, rebel forces fired rocket propelled grenades and 120 mm mortars at Ukrainian positions at Verkhnyotoretske and Butivka mining complex. Avdiivka became the target of small arms, rocket launchers and 82 mm mortars. Armoured fighting vehicles attacked Butivka mining complex, while nearby Kamianka was hit by antitank rockets. Heavy machine gun fire was reported at Krasnohorivka, Nevelske, Slavne, Verkhnyotoretske and Pisky. In the region of Mariupol, Hnutove was struck by small arms fire, heavy machine gun fire, antitank rockets, antitank guided missiles and 120 mm mortar rounds. Antitank guided missiles also hit Talakivka. Armoured fighting vehicles opened fire at Talakivka and Bohdanivka. Heavy machine gun fire was reported at Pavlopil, and small arms fire at Shyrokyne, Lebedinske and Pyshchevik. In the northern section of the demarcation line, the village of Novoluhanske witnesses heavy shelling. The Ukrainian stronghold was pounded by 120 mm mortars, tanks, 152 mm artillery and BM-21 "Grad" multiple rocket launchers. Nearby Svitlodarsk was shelled by 82 mm mortars and 152 mm self-propelled guns. Pro-Russian tanks engaged Ukrainian positions at Novoselivka, supported by small arms, grenade launchers, 82 mm mortars and armoured fighting vehicles. Novozvanivka, meanwhile, was fired at from heavy machine guns, rocket launchers, 120 mm mortars and armoured fighting vehicles. Troitske came under 82 mm and 120 mm mortar fire, and 122 mm artillery volleys hit Zaitseve. Armoured fighting vehicles opened fire on Ukrainian positions at Luhanske and Novhorodske supported by 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. Ukrainian troops at Malinove were harassed with small arms fire. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 76, four more Ukrainian servicemen were wounded and two more injured. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city told the press that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire several times throughout the day. Spartak, Yasinuvata, Yakovliivka, Trudivske, Mineralne and Verkhnyotoretske, in the outskirts of Donetsk city, Zaitseve, Holmivsky and Dolomitne, in the area of Horlivka, and in the region of Mariupol, Uzhivka, Styla and Pikuzy. In the main incidents, heavy shelling was reported at Zaitseve, where three civilian residences were wrecked by 120 mm mortar barrages. The Ukrainian military also employed 120 mm mortars to shell Spartak, Mineralne, Styla, Pikuzy, Uzhivka and Holmivsky. Later in the evening, Ukrainian tanks engaged pro-Russian positions at Spartak. Yakovlivka, Spartak, Yasynuvata and Mineralne came under 82 mm mortar fire. Zaitseve and Ozeryanivka were hit by 100 mm T-12 antitank artillery. Self-propelled 122 mm guns shelled Zaitseve, while BMP-1 armoured vehicles opened fire on pro-Russian forces at Dolomitne, Ozeryanivka, Styla, Spartak, coal min 6/7 and Trudivske, while BMP-2 armoured vehicles fired at Styla on two different occasions, once at Ozeryanivka and Novolaspa. BTR-80 armoured personnel carriers attacked Ozeryanivka, and antitank guided missiles landed in the surroundings of Zaitseve.
The spokesman of the Ukrainian operational headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 76 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 51 occasions in Donetsk region and on 25 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 30 occasions. By 9:00 am of 26 April 6 ceasefire violations were registered, exclusively in Donetsk region. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that eight Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in action and two soldiers were injured in the Donbass region on 25 April. Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city recorded 38 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 18 locations using small arms, snipers, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, antiaircraft guns, armoured personnel carriers, armoured fighting vehicles, 100 mm antitank guns, tanks and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. According to local sources, the Ukrainian military broke the ceasefire within the boundaries of the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic. The Ukrainian military employed small arms, heavy machine guns, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars and 120 mm mortars to pound pro-Russian redoubts at Kalynivka, Kalynove, Lohvynove and Nyzhnie Lozove.
According to the information provided by the JFO press-centre in the evening, as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian forces had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on 21 occasions, four Ukrainian servicemen were wounded. In the surroundings of Donetsk city, pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles engaged Ukrainian positions at Novotroitske supported by small arms, rocket launchers and 120 mm mortars. Krasnohorivka, Butivka mining complex and Verkhnyotoretske were hit by heavy machine gun fire, rocket launchers and 82 mm mortar rounds. The separatists fired small arms and rocket propelled grenades at Avdiivka, Marinka and Kamianka. Butivka mining complex was shelled by armoured fighting vehicles, while Nevelske and Opytne became the target of heavy machine guns. Opytne also came under small arms fire. In the region of Mariupol, Ukrainian positions at Lebedinske were hit by small arms fire, heavy machine gun fire and 82 mm mortar volleys. Rebel troops fired small arms and grenade launchers at the Ukrainian troops of Marinka. Ukrainian forces at Talakivka were harassed with heavy machine gun fire, and small arms fire was reported at Lomakine, Lebedinske, Shyrokyne, Hnutove and Pyschevik. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, Ukrainian positions at Zaitseve were hit by heavy machine guns, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles and 120 mm mortars. Rebel forces fired small arms, heavy machine guns, rocket propelled grenades and 82 mm mortars at Ukrainian redoubts near Zolote. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 52, total five Ukrainian soldiers were wounded and injured. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city told the press that Ukrainian forces broke the truce several times since the morning. The Ukrainian military opened fire at Yasynuvata, Mykhailivka, Dokuchaievsk and Spartak, in the surroundings of Donetsk, Zaitseve, Holmivsky and Ozeryanivka, in the area of Horlivka, and in the region of Mariupol, Sakhanka, Pikuzy and Novolaspa. In the main incidents, Zaitseve became the target of a vicious shelling, when pro-Russian positions in the area were engaged by automatic grenade launchers, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, antiaircraft guns, BMP-2 armoured vehicles and tanks. Dokuchaievsk was hit by 152 mm self-propelled artillery, while 122 mm artillery volleys landed in Holmivsky. The Ukrainian military fired 120 mm mortars at Mykhailivka, Mineralne, Dokuchaievsk and Yasynuvata, and 82 mm mortars at Yasynuvata, Spartak and Mineralne. Ukrainian tanks engaged pro-Russian redoubts at Dokuchaievsk, and BMP-1 armoured vehicles attacked Yasynuvata and Pikuzy. BMP-2 opened 30 mm cannon fire at Spartak, Dokuchaievsk, Novolaspa, Ozeryanivka and Mineralne. Two elderly civilian residents were killed at Dokuchaievsk.
According to the information provided by the spokesman of the Ukrainian operational headquarters in the morning, pro-Russian troops had opened fire on 52 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 49 occasions in Donetsk and on 3 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 30 occasions. From the midnight of 27 April till noon 12 ceasefire violations were registered in Donetsk region and 1 in Luhansk region. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that three Ukrainian servicemen were wounded and two were injured in the Donbass region on 26 April. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city recorded 35 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 14 different areas using small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, antiaircraft guns, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers, armoured fighting vehicles, tanks, 122 mm and 152 mm self-propelled artillery. The same sources recorded 231 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in the course of the past week. The Ukrainian army fired 77 artillery rounds, 19 tank rounds, and 1,264 shells from 82 mm and 120 mm mortars. Authorities from the self-styled Luhansk People's Republic said that the Ukrainian military broke the ceasefire two times within the republic boundaries. Ukrainian forces from Luhanske employed small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers and 82 mm mortars to attack pro-Russian positions at Lozove.
The press-centre of the JFO reported in the evening that as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian troops had opened fire on Ukrainian troops on 26 occasions, no casualties were reported. In the surroundings of Donetsk city, rebel troops fired infantry weapons and rocket launchers at the Ukrainian strongholds of Nevelske, Pisky, Marinka, Kamianka and Butivka mining complex. Antitank rockets landed around Avdiivka, while Ukrainian forces at Verkhnyotoretske and Opytne came under heavy machine gun fire. Small arms fire was reported at Avdiivka and Krasnohorivka, and snipers harassed Ukrainian troops at Marinka. In the region of Mariupol, Vodiane was attacked with small arms, heavy machine guns, grenade lanchers, 82 mm mortars and 120 mm mortars. Nearby Lebedinske was struck by 120 mm mortar volleys. The separatists also fired small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers at Lebedinske and Hnutove. Armoured fighting vehicles shelled Talakivka, which also became the target of antitank guided missiles. Rocket propelled grenades were fired at Vodiane, and heavy machine gun fire raked Ukrainian redoubts at Shyrokyne, Pavlopil and Pyshchevik. Small arms fire was reported at Talakivka and Shyrokyne. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, Ukrainian armoured fighting vehicles engaged Ukrainian positions at Krymske supported by heavy machine guns, rocket launchers, 82 mm mortars and 120 mm mortars. Armoured fighting vehicles also attacked Svitlodarsk. Simultaneously, Ukrainian positions there received 120 mm mortar fire. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 53 and three Ukrainian servicemen were wounded. Donetsk People's Republic deputy ministry of defence, Eduard Basurin, told the press that early in the morning, a team of 14 Ukrainian marines attempted to break through the demarcation line in the region of Mariupol. The intruders end up stranded in a minefield and came under fire from pro-Russian positions. The Ukrainian marines managed to got back to their lines supported by mortar fire. Basurin claimed that three Ukrainian servicemen were killed and four others wounded. Two pro-Russian soldiers were killed in action. Pro-Russian sources also reported a number of Ukrainian violations of the truce at Yasynuvata, Spartak, Kruta Balka and Vasiliivka, in the area of Donetsk city, and Novolaspa, Verkhnyoshyrokivske, Petrovske, Dzerzhinske and Pikuzy, in the region of Mariupol. In the main incidents, Verkhnyoshyrokivske came under 82 mm and 120 mm mortars; 120 mm mortar volleys also struck Spartak, and Pikuzy. BMP-2 armoured vehicles opened fire on pro-Russian positions at Yasynuvata, Spartak, Novolaspa and Petrovske.
The spokesman of the Ukrainian operational headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 53 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 50 occasions in Donetsk region and on 3 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on more than 20 occasions. By 9:00 am of 28 April 10 ceasefire violations were registered. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that three Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in action in the Donbass region on 27 April. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city reported 17 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 12 different locations using small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. In the territory of the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic, local officials recorded seven Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire, The Ukrainian military engaged rebel positions at Pervomaisk, Sentianivka, Zholobok, Donetskyi, Kalynove and Kalinivka using small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm and 120 mm mortars.
According to the information provided by the JFO press-centre in the evening, as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian forces had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on 21 occasions, three Ukrainian servicemen were wounded and two were injured. In the environs of Donetsk city, Avdiivka became the target of small arms, heavy machine guns, grenade launchers, 82 mm and 120 mm mortars. Novotroitske was hit by 120 mm mortar barrages, while 82 mm mortar volleys landed in Novoselivka and Butivka mining complex. Rebel forces fired small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers at Marinka, Kamianka, Novotroitske, Opytne, Krasnohorivka, Verkhnyotoretske and Butivka miniing complex. Sniper fire was reported at Marinka. In the region of Mariupol, 120 mm mortar rounds hit Bohdanivka, while Vodiane came under 82 mm mortar fire. The separatists employed infantry weapons and rocket launchers to attack Ukrainian positions at Pavlopil, Hnutove, Vodiane, Shyrokyne and Lebedinske. Sniper fire was reported at Shyrokyne. In the northern section of the demarcation line, pro-Russian tanks engaged Ukrainian redoubts at Krymske, supported by 122 mm self-propelled artillery. Heavy shelling was likewise reported at Novotoshkivke, where Ukrainian forces were pounded by 120 mm mortars, 122 mm artillery and 152 mm artillery. Luhanske and Troitske came under 120 mm mortar fire. Prychepylivka and Novozvanivka were targeted by 82 mm mortars. Antitank rockets landed in Popasna and Luhanske. Armoured fighting vehicles opened fire at Ukrainian forces around Troitske. Ukrainian troops at Novoselivka were harassed with small arms fire. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 61, one more Ukrainian soldier was wounded and one more injured. Pro-Russian officials reported two civilian residents killed, one seriously injured, two houses and a bus destroyed in the course of heavy shelling on Dokuchaievsk, in the southern outskirts of Donetsk city. The town was shelled by tanks and 120 mm mortars firing from Novotroitske. Ukrainian forces from Avdiivka fired small arms, heavy machine guns, rocket propelled grenades, 82 mm and 120 mm mortars at the water purification plant at Yasynuvata; the compound had to be shut down once again, despite the presence of OSCE mission monitors. Zaitseve, north of Horlivka, also came under mortar fire during the visit of German and Russian NGOs volunteers. Ukrainian fire damaged a high power line at Krasny Partizan.
According to the information provided by the spokesman of the Ukrainian operational headquarters in the morning, pro-Russian troops had opened fire on 61 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 51 occasions in Donetsk and on 10 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 30 occasions. From the midnight of 29 April till 9:00 am 11 ceasefire violations were registered in Donetsk and 1 in Luhansk region; the fire was returned on 7 occasions. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that four Ukrainian servicemen were wounded and three were injured in the Donbass region on 28 April. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city recorded 12 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in nine different areas using small arms, heavy machine guns, snipers, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. In the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic, local officials reported seven Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire. The Ukrainian military used small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles to engage pro-Russian positions at Veselehorivka, Kalynove, Donetskyi, Nyzhnie Lozove and Zholobok.
The press-centre of the JFO reported in the evening that as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian troops had opened fire on Ukrainian troops on 13 occasions, no casualties were reported. In the area of Donetsk city, the Ukrainian stronghold of Avdiivka became the target of small arms, heavy machine guns, rocket launchers and 82 mm mortars. Rebel forces used infantry weapons and grenade launchers to target Ukrainian troops at Marinka, Krasnohorivka, Kamianka, Pisky, Opytne, Pisky and Nevelske. In the region of Mariupol, Pavlopil, Lebedinske and Shyrokyne were fired at from small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers. Antitank guided missiles were launched at Vodiane. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, Prychepylivka was pounded by 122 mm self-propelled artillery, while Novozvanivka was hit by 82 mm mortar volleys. The separatists attacked Novhorodske with rocket launchers, antiaircraft guns and 82 mm mortars. Small arms fire was reported at Stanytsia Luhanska. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 47, one Ukrainian serviceman was wounded and one was injured. Pro-Russian authorities told the press that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire several times throughout the day. Dokuchaievsk, Spartak, Yakovliivka and Kruta Balka, in the outskirts of Donetsk city, Ozeryanivka and Zaitseve, in the area of Horlivka, and Petrovske in the region of Mariupol, came under attack. In the main incidents, Ukrainian tanks engaged pro-Russian positions at Dokuchaievsk, which also became the target of 120 mm mortars. Ozeryanivka was attacked by BTR-80 armoured personnel carriers and BMP-2 armoured vehicles from Troitske, while Yakovliivka was shelled with automatic grenade launchers. BMP-2 armoured vehicles also opened fire at Petrovske and Spartak. Heavy fire destroyed two civilian residences at Zaitseve.
The spokesman of the Ukrainian operational headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 47 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 42 occasions in Donetsk region and on 5 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 19 occasions. By 9:00 am of 30 April 9 ceasefire violations were registered. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that one Ukrainian serviceman was wounded in action and another injured in the Donbass region on 29 April. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city reported 16 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in ten locations using small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. One civilian resident was wounded at Olenivka. According to local sources, the Ukrainian military broke the ceasefire four times within the borders of the self-styled Luhansk People's Republic. Ukrainian forces engaged pro-Russian positions at Prishib, Lozove, Kalynove and Lohvynove employing small arms, 73 mm rifles and 82 mm mortars.
According to the Joint Forces Operation (JFO) headquarters, pro-Russian forces opened fire on Ukrainian positions on multiple occasions throughout the day. In the outskirts of Donetsk city, Novotroitske and Butivka coal mine were shelled with 120 mm mortars; 82 mm mortar volleys struck Verkhnyotoretske and Butivka. Pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles, supported by small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers engaged Ukrainian redoubts at Kamianka, Krasnohorivka, Avdiivka, Marinka, Verkhnyotoretske, Opytne and Butivka mining complex. In the region of Mariupol, Lebedinske and Talakivka came under 82 mm mortars. Vodiane, Pyshchevik, Lebedinske, Hnutove Pavlopil, Shyrokyne and Taramchik were attacked with infantry weapons, grenade launchers and armoured fighting vehicles. in the northern sector of the demarcation line, armoured fighting vehicles opened fire on Ukrainian forces at Luhanske, Valuiske, Novhorodske and Troitske supported by infantry weapons and rocket launchers. Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city reported a number of Ukrainian violations of the truce by evening. The Ukrainian military targeted Dokuchaievsk, Spartak, Vasiliivka, Volvo Center, Donetsk airport and Mykhailivka, in the surroundings of Donetsk city, Ozeryanivka, Zaitseve and Shyroka Balka, in the area of Horlivka, and in the region of Mariupol, Sakhanka, Uzhivka, Bezimenne and Pikuzy. In the main incidents, Dokuchaievsk and Bezimenne were hit by 82 mm and 120 mm mortar rounds, while 120 mm mortar volleys landed in Shyroka Balka and Donetsk airport. Rebel forces also fired 82 mm mortars at Spartak. BTR-80 armoured personnel carriers from Verkhnyotoretske attacked Mikhaylivka, and 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles were fired several times at pro-Russian positions around Pikuzy. Small arms, heavy machine guns and automatic grenade launchers were widely used elsewhere.
The President of Ukraine signed a decree on ending the ATO that started in April 2014. The US State Department meanwhile confirmed the delivery of FGM-148 Javelin antitank missiles to the Ukrainian army. The first batch of missiles had already been handed over in December 2017.

Fatih Kaya
Fatih Kaya (born 13 November 1999) is a German-Turkish footballer who plays as a forward for FC Ingolstadt.
Kaya began his youth career with TSV Klein-Linde and VfB Gießen, before later moving to the youth academy of Mainz 05. In 2016, he joined the youth team of FC Ingolstadt. In 2018, he began playing for Ingolstadt's reserve side.
Kaya made his professional debut for FC Ingolstadt in the 2. Bundesliga on 1 December 2018, starting in the match against Hamburger SV. He scored Ingolstadt's only goal of the match with a header in the 54th minute via an assist from Sonny Kittel. Kaya was substituted off in the 66th minute for Darío Lezcano, with the match finishing as a 1–2 home loss.
Kaya made his youth international debut for Germany's under-19 team on 25 April 2018, coming on as a half-time substitute in a friendly against Denmark.

Larry Matysik
Larry Matysik (April 26, 1947 – November 25, 2018) was an American professional wrestling commentator, promoter and author best known for his commentary on "Wrestling at the Chase".
In 1963, Matysik was hired by St. Louis promoter Sam Muchnick at the age of 16 to work as a publicist and office manager. In 1970, Matysik became an announcer for his promotion. Along with Gordon Solie and Lance Russell, Matysik was considered one of the top wrestling announcers in the country. He remained "Wrestling at the Chase"s ringside announcer until the show went off the air in 1983. He would also occasionally do commentary for the American Wrestling Association.
Behind the scenes, Matysik was responsible for several aspects of the business. He served as co-booker with Pat O'Connor and was partly responsible for the company's success in the late 1970's. In 1982, Matysik severed ties with the St. Louis office and started a promotion outside the control of the National Wrestling Alliance. Matysik was a close friend of Bruiser Brody, who created the promotion with him. Their promotion was financially successful, but issues behind-the-scenes caused problems for financiers. From 1984 to 1993, Matysik worked for Vince McMahon's World Wrestling Federation.
In later years, he remained active on the independent circuit and authored many books. He was also responsible for creating the St. Louis Wrestling Hall of Fame, and was personally inducted in 2007. He battled a number of health issues towards the end of his life, including spinal stenosis and he suffered at least three strokes. He received the James C. Melby Award from the George Tragos/Lou Thesz Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame in 2014 but was too ill to attend the ceremony. On November 24, 2018 it was reported that he had entered hospice care, and he died the following day. In his obituary, "Wrestling Observer Newsletter" founder Dave Meltzer wrote that he "learned more about pro wrestling from him than perhaps any other individual".

State Council (German-Austria)
The State Council () was the supreme governmental and executive organ of the Republic of German-Austria, a collegiate body established in the last days of World War I by the Provisional National Assembly. 
The council comprised the three co-equal Presidents of the National Assembly Franz Dinghofer, Johann Hauser (who had replaced Jodok Fink) and Karl Seitz, as well as 20 other elected members of the National Assembly.
One member was chosen to serve as State Notary and had the task to sign acts of the State Council into law. The State Notary was solely charged with validating these acts and not with countersigning them, which would have otherwise granted him the power of denial. 
The three Presidents of the National Assembly, the Head of the Chancellery (Chancellor Karl Renner) and the State Notary formed the Directory of the State Council.
The State Council appointed the First Renner government as of 30 October 1918. On 12 November 1918, the council provisionally assumed all constitutional powers of the Emperor.
The State Council exercised its executive powers through the state secretaries who in turn were coordinated by the State Chancellor – all of these together formed the State Government. The state secretaries headed the state offices (= ministries), commonly in direct succession of the monarchic ministries. The State Office of Foreign Affairs for example succeeded the Imperial and Royal Ministry of Foreign Affairs (the first State Secretary was Victor Adler, who already died on 11 November 1918), the State Office of Military Affairs succeeded the Imperial and Royal Ministry of War and the Imperial and Royal Ministry of Defence, the State Office of Traffic Affairs succeeded the Imperial and Royal Ministry of Railways.
Undersecretaries of State could be assigned as political assistants to the state secretaries.
With the implementation of the "law on the State Government" based on 14 March 1919, the State Council and its Directory as well as the State Notary were abolished as of 15 March 1919. The status of head of state was transferred to Karl Seitz as the President of the Constituent National Assembly. Other powers were overtaken by the State Government and the newly established standing principal committee of the National Assembly.

Timeline of the war in Donbass (May 2018)
This is a timeline of the War in Donbass, from 1 May 2018. The timeline follows an ongoing conflict between Ukraine and anti-government pro-Russian separatists supported by Russian troops in the Donbass region in eastern Ukraine.
According to the information provided by the Ukrainian military in the morning, pro-Russian troops had opened fire on 44 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 36 occasions in Donetsk and on 8 occasions in Luhansk region) and on 5 occasions during the first hours of 1 May. From the midnight of 1 May till 9:00 am 4 ceasefire violations were registered in Donetsk and 2 in Luhansk region. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that four Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in the Donbass region on the last day of April. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city recorded 20 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 14 different locations using small arms, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. According to local sources, Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire on three occasions within the boundaries of the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic. The Ukrainian military employed small arms and 82 mm mortars to attack pro-Russian positions at Nyzhnie Lozove and Kalynivka.
A 19-year-old Ukrainian soldier was killed at Avdiivka. In the area around Donetsk city, 152 mm artillery fire hit the village of Troitske, which lays behind the demarcation line. Avdiivka, Nevelske and Butivka mining complex came under 82 mm and 120 mm mortar fire. Pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles opened fire at Ukrainian redoubts near Avdiivka, Marinka, Kamianka, Verkhnyotoretske, Opytne, Nevelske, Slavne, Krasnohorivka and Butivka mining complex, supported by infantry weapons and rocket launchers. In the region of Mariupol, Lebedinske and Starohnativka were shelled from 82 mm and 120 mm mortars. Shyrokyne, Hranitne, Hnutove, Lebedinske, Talakivka, Vodiane and Pyshchevik were engaged by small arms, heavy machine guns, grenade launchers and armoured fighting vehicles. In the northern section of the demarcation line, Svitlodarsk and Troitske became the target of 120 mm mortars. Pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles, supported by 82 mm mortar fire, engaged Ukrainian redoubts at Luhanske and Svitlodarsk. Stanytsia Luhanska received sniper fire from Knyaz Igor memorial. Ukrainian forces returnedfire on 28 occasions. By the end of the day 52 ceasefire violations were registered, two Ukrainian servicemen were wounded. Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city told the press that Ukrainian forces had broken the ceasefire on several occasions by evening. Vasiilivka, Yakovliivka, Yasynuvata, Zhabicheve, Spartak and Dokuchaievsk, in the outskirts of Donetsk city, Zaitseve and Mayorsk checkpoint, in the area of Horlivka, and in the region of Mariupol Pikuzy, Uzhivka and Novolaspa came under hostile fire. In the main incidents, hostile tanks from Novotroitske engaged pro-Russian positions at Dokuchaievsk, supported by 120 mm mortar fire, while BMP-2 armoured vehicles from Starohnativka opened fire on Novolaspa twice. Zaitseve was shelled from 82 mm mortars and 122 mm self-propelled guns firing from Zhovanki and Mykhailivka. Uzhivka was hit meanwhile by 120 mm mortar volleys, and Mayorsk checkpoint received 82 mm mortar fire. Yakovliivka was shelled with 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles fired from Avdiivka.
The press-centre of the JFO headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 52 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 45 occasions in Donetsk region and on 7 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 28 occasions. By 9:00 am of 2 May 10 ceasefire violations were registered. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence reported at noon that two Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in the Donbass region on the first day of May. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city recorded 22 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 13 different areas using small arms, heavy machine guns, snipers, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers, armoured fighting vehicles, tanks and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. Local sources reported that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire on six occasions within the boundaries of the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic. The Ukrainian army employed rocket propelled grenades, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles to attack pro-Russian positions at Kalynove, Kalynivka, Lozove and Nyzhnie Lozove.
According to the information provided by the JFO press-centre in the evening, as of 5:00 pm pro-Russian forces had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on 17 occasions, one Ukrainian serviceman went missing in action. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 51, three Ukrainian soldiers were wounded. Pro-Russian authorities reported several Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire by evening. Ukrainian forces attacked pro-Russian positions at Oleksandrivka, Yasynuvata and Spartak, in the outskirts of Donetsk city, Zaitseve, Zheleznaya Balka and Shyroka Balka, in the area of Horlivka, and in the region of Mariupol, Pikuzy, Styla and Dzerzhinske. Zaitseve was repeatedly hit by 82 mm and 120 mm mortar barrages; 120 mm mortar rounds also landed in Pikuzy. Ukrainian forces from Avdiivka shelled Spartak with 82 mm mortars. BMP-1 and BMP-2 armoured vehicles from Novhorodske engaged pro-Russian positions at Shyroka Balka. Styla was attacked by BMP-2 armoured vehicles from Bohdanivka. Pro-Russian forces at Pikuzy were fired at with 73 mm antitank recoilles rifles from Vodiane. Later in the night, Ukrainian tanks launched a sustained attack against the village of Ozeryanivka, supported by automatic grenade launchers.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the morning, pro-Russian troops had opened fire on 51 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 37 occasions in Donetsk and on 14 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 44 occasions. By 9:00 am of 3 May 7 ceasefire violations were registered, exclusively in Donetsk region. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that three Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in the Donbass region on 2 May. Pro-Russian sources at Donetsk city reported 20 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 12 locations using small arms, automatic grenade launchers, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers, armoured fighting vehicles and tanks. Officials from the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic reported that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire six times within the republic boundaries. The Ukrainian military employed heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles to attack pro-Russian positions at Kalynove, Kalynivka and Lohvynove.
Eleven wounded Ukrainian servicemen were airlifted to a hospital in Odessa, four of them were hospitalised in a reanimation unit. Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city told the press that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire several times throughout the day. The Ukrainian military attacked Dokuchaievsk, Spartak, Mineralne and Kruta Balka, in the area of Donetsk city, Zaitseve, Shyroka Balka, Mayorsk checkpoint and Izotove coal mine, in the outskirts of Horlivka, and in the region of Mariupol, Pikuzy, Petrovske, Novolaspa and Novovyboivo. In the main incidents, Ukrainian tanks from Zhovanki engaged pro-Russian positions at Zaitseve, supported by 120 mm mortar fire. The same area became the target of 122 mm self-propelled artillery. Mayorsk checkpoint was shelled with 120 mm mortars, while 82 mm mortar rounds landed in Shyroka Balka. BMP-1 and BMP-2 armoured vehicles from Shumy opened fire at Izotove mining complex. BMP-2 armoured vehicles also attacked Novolaspa and Shyroka Balka.
The press-centre of the JFO headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 55 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 36 occasions in Donetsk region and on 19 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 20 occasions. By 9:00 am of 4 May 9 ceasefire violations were registered. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence reported at noon no casualties in the Donbass region on 3 May. Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city recorded 27 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 14 different locations using small arms, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless guns, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers, armoured fighting vehicles, tanks and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. The same sources recorded 78 Ukrainian violations of the truce over the past week. The Ukrainian military fired during the same period 60 122 mm artillery shells, 30 rounds from tanks and 600 rounds from 82 mm and 120 mm mortars, all weapons banned by the Minsk agreements. One pro-Russian soldier was killed and another wounded; two civilian residents died and six were injured as a result of the heavy shelling. Authorities from the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic reported that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire four times within the republic boundaries. The Ukrainian military employed small arms, machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles to attack pro-Russian positions at Holubivske, Nyzhnie Lozove, Kalynivka, Sanzharivka and Donetskyi.
In the environs of Donetsk city, Taramchuk was hit by 82 mm mortar rounds. Rebel forces fired small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers at Ukrainian positions around Kamianka, Avdiivka, Opytne, Krasnohorivka, Marinka, Verkhnyotoretske and Pisky. Sniper fire was reported at Marinka. Ukrainian troops at Taramchuk were also harassed by sniper fire. In the region of Mariupol, 82 mm mortar volleys landed in Starohnativka. Hnutove, Pavlopil, Lebedinske, Shyrokyne, Vodiane, Lomakine, Talakivka and Pyshchevik. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, Zaitseve became the target of 122 mm self-propelled artillery, while 82 mm and 120 mm mortar barrages struck Mayorske, Novhorodske and Sokolniki. Pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles engaged Ukrainian positions at Novhorodske, Troitske, Novotoshkivske, Popasna, Sokolniki, Novozvanivka, Katerinivka and Krymske. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 54, three Ukrainian soldiers were wounded and injured. Pro-Russian officials reported a number of Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in the course of the day. Mineralne, Dokuchaievsk, Spartak, Yasynuvata and Verkhnyotoretske, in the outskirts of Donetsk city, Zaitseve, Ozeryanivka, Holmivsky and 6/7 coal mine, in the area of Horlivka, and in the region of Mariupol, Sakhanka and Pikuzy came under attack. In the main incidents, Ukrainian artillery from Kurdyumivka shelled pro-Russian positions at 6/7 coal mine. Ukrainian forces also fired 120 mm mortars at Zaitseve, Holmivsky and Pikuzy, and 82 mm mortars at Spartak, Sakhanka and 6/7 coal mine. BMP-1 armoured vehicles engaged pro-Russian redoubts at Sakhanka, while BMP-2 armoured vehicles attacked Spartak and Dokuchaievsk.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the morning, pro-Russian troops had opened fire on 54 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 40 occasions in Donetsk and on 14 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 30 occasions. By 9:00 am of 5 May 5 ceasefire violations were registered. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence reported at noon that one Ukrainian serviceman was wounded, one was injured and one more was wounded by explosion of an IED in the Donbass region on 4 May. Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city recorded 25 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 13 different locations using small arms, grenade launchers, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, antitank guided missiles, armoured personnel carriers, armoured fighting vehicles and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. In the territory of the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic, local officials reported four Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire. The Ukrainian military used small arms, rocket launchers, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 fighting vehicles to attack pro-Russian positions at Zholobok, Sentianivka, Kalynove and Veselehorivka.
By the end of the day 56 ceasefire violations were registered, one Ukrainian serviceman was wounded, one pro-Russian soldier was taken prisoner in Luhansk region. According to JFO sources, rebel troops had opened fire on a number of occasions by evening. Early in the morning, pro-Russian tanks launched an attack on Ukrainian redoubts at Novohnativka, in the region of Mariupol. Nearby Shyrokyne came under small arms and heavy machine gun fire, while antitank guided missiles hit a Ukrainian checkpoint at Hnutove. Vodiane and Pyshchevik came under attack from small arms, heavy machine guns, rocket launchers and armoured fighting vehicles. In the outskirts of Donetsk city, 120 mm mortars volleys landed in Tonenke and Avdiivka. Ukrainian troops at Kamianka, Slavne, Berezove, Verkhnyotoretske, Opytne, Nevelske, Krasnohorivka, Marinka and Pisky came under fire from infantry weapons grenade launchers and armoured fighting vehicles. Novotoshkivke, in the northern sector of the demarcation line, became the target of infantry weapons and 120 mm mortars. Armoured fighting vehicles, supported by infantry weapons and 82 mm mortars, opened fire at Ukrainian forces around Svitlodarsk, Krymske, Zaitseve, Katerinivka and Krasne. Pro-Russian state media reported several Ukrainian violations of the truce throughout the day. Ukrainian forces attacked pro-Russian positions at Yasynuvata, Dokuchaievsk, Mineralne, Vasiilivka, Vesele and Spartak, in the environs of Donetsk city, Zaitseve, in the area of Horlivka, and in the region of Mariupol, Sakhanka, Uzhivka, Pikuzy, Petrovske, Dzerzhinske and Verkhnyoshyrokivske. In the main incidents, Zaitseve was shelled with 120 mm mortars and 122 mm self-propelled artillery, while 120 mm mortar rounds also landed in Pikuzy. Mineralne, Vesele, Sakhanka and Petrovske became the target of 82 mm mortars. BMP-2 armoured vehicles opened fire at pro-Russian redoubts around Dokuchaievsk and Petrovske. Uzhivka, Dzerzhinske, Pikuzy, Vasiilivka and Verkhnyoshyrokivske were shelled with 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles. Pro-Russian positions were fired at from antiaircraft guns at Dzerzhinske.
The press-centre of the JFO headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 56 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 48 occasions in Donetsk region and on 8 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 31 occasions. By 9:00 am of 6 May nine ceasefire violations were registered, one Ukrainian soldier was injured; one civilian was injured and a building was set ablaze by shelling in Zaitseve on 6 May at around 11:00 am. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence reported at noon that one Ukrainian serviceman was wounded in the Donbass region on 5 May. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city reported 33 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 14 locations using small arms, grenade launchers, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers, armoured fighting vehicles and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. According to local sources, Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire on eight occasions within the boundaries of the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic. The Ukrainian military employed automatic grenade launchers, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles to pound pro-Russian redoubts at Berezovske, Sentianivka, Kalynivka, Lozove. Zholobok and Donetskyi.
By evening, sources from the JFO headquarters told the press that one Ukrainian soldier was killed and two others wounded in a skirmish that took place near Horlivka, when pro-Russian troops ambushed a Ukrainian mechanized patrol using small arms and an Improvised explosive device. Three attackers were killed by return fire. One Ukrainian armoured fighting vehicle was knocked down. In other incidents, around Donetsk city 82 mm mortar volleys hit Pisky, Avdiivka and Verkhnyotoretske. Pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles opened fire at Butivka mining complex. Rebel troops fired small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers at Nevelske, Pisky, Avdiivka, Opytne, Verkhnyotoretske, Kamianka, Krasnohorivka, Pervomaisk, Marinka and Butivka. Hostile snipers harassed Ukrainian troops at Opytne and Nevelske. In the region of Mariupol, Talakivka, Shyrokyne, Pavlopil, Vodiane, Hnutove and Pischevyk became the target of infantry weapons and rocket launchers. Talakivka was fired at from armoured fighting vehicles. Sniper fire was reported at Vodiane. Pro-Russian tanks launched a sustained attack on Krymske, in the northern section of the demarcation line. The separatists also employed tanks and armoured fighting vehicles to engage Ukrainian forces at Troitske, and heavy shelling was reported at Luhanske, which was pounded with 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. Krymske, Nyzhne, Svitlodarsk, Zaitseve and Troitske came under 82 mm and 120 mm mortar fire. The rebels used infantry weapons and grenade launchers to harass Ukrainian forces at Orikhove, Novhorodske, Novozvanivka, Nyzhne, Troitske, Zalizne, Krymske and Luhanske. Ukrainian positions at Novotoshkivke were riddled by ZU-23-2 antiaircraft guns, and small arms fire was reported at Stanytsia Luhanska. Zaitseve was shelled with 122 mm and 152 mm self-propelled artillery. Pro-Russian authorities reported a number of Ukrainian ceasefire violations. Mineralne, Mykhailivka, Dokuchaievsk, Kruta Balka, Volvo Center, Spartak, Vasiilivka, Yasynuvata and Oktyabrsky, in the surroundings of Donetsk city, Zaitseve and Holmivsky in the area of Horlivka, and Styla, in the region of Mariupol. In the main incidents, heavy shelling was reported at Holmivsky, where an elderly resident was wounded and five houses and a gas pipeline were damaged. Zaitseve, Styla, Mykhailivka and Oktyabrsky came under 120 mm mortar fire, while 82 mm mortar volleys landed at Mineralne, Mykhailivka and Volvo Center. Dokuchaievsk became the target of 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the morning, pro-Russian troops had opened fire on 80 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 57 occasions in Donetsk and on 23 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on more than 30 occasions. 12 ceasefire violations were registered during the first hours of 7 May. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence reported at noon that three Ukrainian serviceman were wounded in action and one was injured in the Donbass region on 6 May. One Ukrainian soldier was killed and two were wounded by explosion of an IED at Horlivka. Pro-Russian sources at Donetsk city recorded 16 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 11 different locations using small arms, heavy machine guns, snipers, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars and 120 mm mortars. One pro-Russian soldier was killed and a civilian resident was confirmed wounded. According to local authorities, Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire six times within the boundaries of the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic. The Ukrainian military employed 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, BMP-1 armoured vehicles and 122 mm self-propelled guns to pound pro-Russian redoubts at Zholobok, Lohvynove, Kalynove, Prishib and Donetskyi.
By the end of the day, JFO headquarters reported 58 ceasefire violations; two Ukrainian servicemen were wounded. In the surroundings of Donetsk city, Tonenke was shelled with 122 mm self-propelled artillery, while 120 mm mortar volleys hit Avdiivka. Ukrainian positions at Avdeevka, Verkhnyotoretske, Kamianka, Krasnohorivka, Marinka, Nevelske, Slavne, Berezove, Opytne and Pisky became the target of small arms, heavy machine guns. rocket launchers and armoured fighting vehicles. In the region of Mariupol, pro-Russian tanks engaged Ukrainian positions around Novohnativka, while armoured fighting vehicles supporrted by infantry weapons and grenade launchers attacked Vodiane, Hnutove, Pyshchevik and Shyrokyne. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, heavy fire was reported at Novotoshkivke, which was targeted by small arms, heavy machine guns, rocket launchers, 82 mm and 120 mm mortars. Krasne, Katerinivka, Svitlodarsk, Krymske and Zaitseve were fired at by small arms, heavy machine guns, rocket launchers, 82 mm mortars and armoured fighting vehicles. Pro-Russian officials told the press that the Ukrainian military broke the ceasefire on several occasions throughout the day. Kruta Balka and Zhabicheve, in the outskirts of Donetsk city, Zaitseve, Michurine, Gagarin coal mine and Dolomitne, in the area of Horlivka, and Pikuzy, in the region of Mariupol, came under attack. In the main incidents, Zaitseve was repeatedly hit by 82 mm and 120 mm mortar fire; one elderly female civilian was wounded. Several houses were heavily damaged by shelling at Michurine. Gagarin coal mine was struck by 120 mm mortar volleys, while Dolomitne, Zhabicheve and Pikuzy became the target of 82 mm mortars. BMP-1 armoured vehicles opened fire on pro-Russian redoubts at Zhabicheve.
The press-centre of the JFO headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 58 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 38 occasions in Donetsk region and on 20 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 27 occasions. By 9:00 am of 8 May eleven ceasefire violations were registered. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence reported at noon that one Ukrainian serviceman was wounded in action and another serviceman was by the explosion of an IED in the Donbass region on 7 May. Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city recorded 13 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in eight different locations using small arms, heavy machine guns, snipers, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, antitank guided missiles, armoured personnel carriers, armoured fighting vehicles and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. Eduard Basurin claimed that Polish mercenaries were involved in the latest shelling of Zaitseve and Horlivka. Local officials recorded three Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire within the boundaries of the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic. The Ukrainian army engaged pro-Russian positions at Lozove and Kalynove using heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm and 120 mm mortars.
By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 57, three Ukrainian soldiers were wounded and two others were injured. In the outskirts of Donetsk city, the Ukrainian stronghold of Avdiivka became the target of ZU-23-2 antiaircraft guns and 82 mm mortars. Ukrainian forces at nearby Butivka mining complex were engaged by armoured fighting vehicles supported by grenade launchers. Rebel troops also fired small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers at Verkhnyotoretske, Opytne, Krasnohorivka, Pisky, Avdiivka, Marinka, Kamianka and Butivka. In the region of Mariupol, Pyshchevik, Shyrokyne, Vodiane, Hnutove and Pavlopil were hit by small arms fire, heavy machine gun fire and antitank rockets. In the northern section of the demarcation line, 122 mm self-propelled artillery was fired at Popasna, Zalizne, Luhanske and Troitske. The village of Lokutivka, near Popasna, was shelled with 152 mm artillery. Two civilian residences were destroyed and another six damaged. Power lines, water and gas pipelines were also hit. Pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles engaged Ukrainian positions at Troitske, and Zolote, Luhanske, Novozvanivka, Troitske, Zaitseve and Krymske came under 82 mm and 120 mm mortar fire. Heavy machine gun fire and antitank rockets hit Novozvanivka and Krymske. Pro-Russian military sources at Donetsk city told the press that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire on various occasions throughout the day. Yasynuvata and Dokuchaievsk, in the environs of Donetsk city, and Dolomitne, Zaitseve, Izotove mining complex, Mayorsk checkpoint and Shyroka Balka, in the area of Horlivka. In the main incidents, Ukrainian tanks from Mayorsk railway station shelled pro-Russian redoubts around Izotove coal mine early in the morning. BMP-2 armoured vehicles opened fire at Dokuchaievsk. Zaitseve came under 120 mm mortar fire, while 82 mm mortar rounds hit Mayorsk checkpoint and Dolomitne.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the morning, pro-Russian troops had opened fire on 57 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 37 occasions in Donetsk and on 20 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on about 30 occasions. Eleven ceasefire violations were registered during the first half of 9 May, as a result, one Ukrainian serviceman was killed at Krymske. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence reported at noon that three Ukrainian serviceman were wounded in action and two others were injured in the Donbass region on 8 May. Pro-Russian sources at Donetsk city reported nine Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in seven locations using small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers, armoured fighting vehicles and tanks. In the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic, local officials reported eight Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire. The Ukrainian military used small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles to engage pro-Russian positions at Veselehorivka, Kalynove, Kalynivka, Sanzharivka, Lohvynove and Zholobok.
By the end of the day 73 ceasefire violations were registered, in addition to one Ukrainian serviceman killed earlier, three others were wounded and injured at Avdiivka, two at Volnovakha, and one in an undisclosed location. In the environs of Donetsk city, rebel forces fired small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers at Avdiivka, Verkhnyotoretske, Kamianka, Krasnohorivka, Marinka, Nevelske, Novotroitske, Opytne, Pisky and Butivka mining complex. Avdiivka, Verkhnyotoretske, Novotroitske, Opytne and Pisky came under 82  and 120 mm mortar fire. In the region of Mariupol, Vodiane, Hnutove, Pavlopil, Pyshchevik, Starohnativka, Novohnativka, Shyrokyne and Bohdanivka became the target of infantry weapons and grenade launchers. Starohnativka and Novohnativka came under 122  self-propelled artillery fire, while 82  and 120 mm mortar volleys landed in Bohdanivka. In the northern section of the demarcation line, pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles engaged Ukrainian positions around Zaitseve and Luhanske, supported by small arms and heavy machine gun fire. Krymske, Mayorsk, Novozvanivka Artemova, Prichepilivka and Troitske were shelled with 82  and 120 mm mortars. Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city told the press that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire on numerous occasions. The Ukrainian military opened fire on pro-Russian positions at Vasiilivka and Yasynuvata, in the surroundings of Donetsk city, Ozeryanivka, Zaitseve, Dolomitne and Izotove coal mine, in the area of Horlivka, and in the region of Mariupol, Uzhivka, Sakhanka, Petrovske, Novolaspa and Pikuzy. In the main incidents, Zaitseve and Dolomitne were shelled with 82 mm and 120 mm mortars, while 82 mm mortars were fired at Uzhivka and Petrovske. BMP-1 armoured vehicles engaged Ukrainian forces at Zaitseve, Dolomitne and Izotove mining complex; meanwhile, BMP-2 armoured vehicles opened fire on pro-Russian redoubts at Yasynuvata, Novolaspa and Petrovske and BTR-80 armoured personnel carriers from Novoselivka attacked Vasiilivka. Pikuzy and Zaitseve became the target of 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles.
The press-centre of the JFO headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 73 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 57 occasions in Donetsk region and on 16 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 33 occasions. By morning of 10 May 14 ceasefire violations were registered. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence reported at noon that one Ukrainian serviceman was killed, five others were wounded, and one soldier was injured in the Donbass region on 9 May. Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city reported 36 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 18 locations using small arms, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. No violations of the truce were reported within the borders of the self-style Luhansk People's Republic.
By the end of the day 55 ceasefire violations were registered, as a result, three Ukrainian soldiers were wounded. In the surroundings of Donetsk city, 82  and 120 mm mortar barrages hit Avdiivka and Butivka mining complex. Rebel troops engaged Ukrainian positions at Marinka, Verkhnyotoretske, Avdiivka, Pisky, Krasnohorivka, Opytne, Nevelske, Kamianka and Butivka mining complex. Sniper fire was reported at Marinka. In the region of Mariupol, Pavlopil, Hnutove, Pyshchevik, and later Vodiane and Shyrokyne became the target of infantry weapons and rocket launchers. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, 152  self-propelled guns shelled Ukrainian positions in the area of Severodonetsk. Prichepilivka, Zaitseve, Zalizne and Mayorsk came under 82  and 120 mm mortar fire. Separatists fighters fired small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers at Zaitseve, Mayorsk, Katerinivka and Novozvanivka. Pro-Russian officials reported several Ukrainian violations of the truce by evening, all of them in the area of Horlivka, where Komsomolets, Zaitseve, Shyroka Balka, Gagarin mining complex and Mayorsk checkpoint came under attack. In the main incidents, Zaitseve was shelled with 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. BMP-2 armoured vehicles engaged pro-Russian forces at Shyroka Balka and Mayorsk checkpoint, while the village of Komsomolets, northwest of Horlivka, was struck by 82 mm and 120 mm mortar volleys.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the morning, pro-Russian troops had opened fire on 55 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 35 occasions in Donetsk and on 20 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 30 occasions. By morning of 11 May nine ceasefire violations were registered with no casualties on the Ukrainian side. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that three Ukrainian serviceman were wounded in action in the Donbass region on 10 May. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city reported 16 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 12 different locations using small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, antiaircraft guns, T-12 antitank guns, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. According to local authorities, Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire four times within the boundaries of the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic. The Ukrainian military employed small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles to engage pro-Russian redoubts at Zholobok, Lozove and Krasny Liman.
By the end of the day 50 ceasefire violations were registered, three Ukrainian servicemen were wounded and injured. In the area around Donetsk city, Opytne, Verkhnyotoretske and Pisky were hit by 82 mm and 120 mm mortar barrages. Kamianka was shelled with 120 mm mortars. Rebel forces also fired small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers at Avdiivka, Verkhnyotoretske, Krasnohorivka, Marinka, Pisky and Butivka coal mine. Sniper fire was reported at Verkhnyotoretske. In the Mariupol, 82 mm and 120 mm mortar volleys landed in Hnutove. Ukrainian positions at Shyrokyne, Vodiane, Pavlopil, Hnutove, Lomakine and Pyshchevik were struck by heavy machine gun fire and antitank rockets. Ukrainian forces at Vodiane were harassed by hostile snipers. In the northern section of the demarcation line, Troitske was pounded by 122 mm self-propelled artillery, while Zaitseve, Troitske and Zalizne came under 120 mm mortar fire. The separatists also fired 82 mm mortars at Krymske, Novozvanivka, Zaitseve, Zalizne and Novoluhanske. Ukrainian forces at Zolote, Krymske, Novozvanivka and Zalizne were engaged with infantry weapons and grenade launchers. Ukrainian media said that JFO forces recovered the village of Chyhari, south of Gagarin mining complex, in the buffer zone northwest of Horlivka. Donetsk People's Republic spokesman Daniel Bezsonov later reported that rebel troops not only defeated the Ukrainian attempt, but also seized a key hill south of Chyhari. Beszonov claimed that the attackers lost nine men. Pro-Russian military sources told the press that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire on multiple occasions throughout the day. The Ukrainian military opened fire at Spartak, Vasiilivka, Volvo Center, Dokuchaievsk, Hluboka mining complex, Mikhailivka and Verkhnyotoretske, in the surroundings of Donetsk city, Ozeryanivka, Gagarin mining complex, Zaitseve, Dolomitne, Shyroka Balka, Holmivsky, Mayorsk checkpoint and Izotove mining complex, in the area of Horlivka, and in the region of Mariupol, Verkhnyoshyrokivske, Uzhivka, Pikuzy and Dzerzhinske. In the main incidents, heavy shelling was reported at Zaitseve, Dolomitne and Hluboka mining complex, which were repeatedly struck by 82 mm and 120 mm mortar volleys. Gagarin mining complex was also the subject of heavy fire, and became the target of 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and 152 mm self-propelled artillery. Rebel forces fired 120 mm mortars at Izotove mining complex and Mayorsk checkpoint, which was also fired at from antiaircraft artillery. Holmivsky was shelled by 100 mm T 12 antitank artillery. Volvo Center, Spartak and Shyroka Balka came under 82 mm mortar fire. BMP-1 armoured vehicles shelled Zaitseve, Hluboka mining complex and Pikuzy, while BMP-2 armoured fighting vehicles riddled pro-Russian redoubts at Dokuchaievsk with 30 mm cannon fire. BTR-80 armoured personnel carriers from Novoselivka attacked Vasiilivka, supported by automatic grenade launchers. Pro-Russian forces at Verkhnyotoretske was engaged by personnel armoured carriers from the northern area of the village, under Ukrainian control.
The press-centre of the JFO headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 50 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 30 occasions in Donetsk region and on 20 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 31 occasions. By morning of 12 May sixteen ceasefire violations were registered. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence reported at noon that one Ukrainian serviceman was wounded in action and two others were injured in the Donbass region on 11 May. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city reported 35 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 18 different locations using small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers, armoured fighting vehicles and 152 mm self-propelled artillery. Two pro-Russian soldiers were killed in action and two civilian residents wounded. Sources from the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic said that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire six times within the republic boundaries. The Ukrainian military employed small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles to attack pro-Russian positions at Zholobok, Kalynove, Kalynivka, Lozove and Nyzhnie Lozove. One pro-Russian soldier was killed in action.
By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 73, one Ukrainian serviceman was killed, six were wounded. In the outskirts of Donetsk city, Kamianka, Avdiivka and Verkhnyotoretske came under 82 mm and 120 mm mortar fire. The rebels also used infantry weapons and rocket launchers to attack Ukrainian positions at Krasnohorivka, Marinka, Opytne, Avdiivka, Kamianka, Verkhnyotoretske, Nevelske and Butivka mining complex. In the region of Mariupol, Talakivka, Pavlopil, Vodiane, Shyrokyne, Hnutove and Pyshchevik were struck by small arms fire, machine gun fire and antitank rockets. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, 122 mm self-propelled artillery shelled Novozvanivka, Svitlodarsk and Troitske, Troitske was later the target of 120 mm mortars. Rebel forces also fired 82 mm and 120 mm mortars at Ukrainian redoubts around Zalizne, Novozvanivka, Novhorodske and Zaitseve. Ukrainian forces at Prichepilivka, Krymske, Troitske, Zhovte, Novhorodske, Mayorsk, Novoselivka, Novozvanivka and Zaitseve. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city told the press that Ukrainian forces had broken the ceasefire on several occasions by evening. Dokuchaievsk, Mykhailivka, Vasiilivka and Spartak, in the environs of Donetsk city, Zaitseve, Gagarin mining complex, Ozeryanivka, Shyroka Balka, Izotove mining complex and Hluboka mining complex, in the area of Horlivka, and in the region of Mariupol, Uzhivka and Petrovske came under hostile fire. In the main incidents, Ukrainian tanks from Dzerzhinsky and Yuzhne launched a sustained attack on Gagarin and Hlubovka coal mines, supported by BMP-1 armoured fighting vehicles and 120 mm mortars. Shyroka Balka became the target of 82 mm and 120 mm mortars. Zaitseve came under 120 mm mortar fire, while Uzhivka was shelled with 82 mm mortars firing from Vodiane. BMP-2 armoured fighting vehicles opened fire on pro-Russian positions at Zaitseve, Petrovske and Dokuchaievsk, and BTR-80 armoured personnel carriers from Verkhnyotoretske and Avdiivka attacked Mykhailivka and Spartak. Zaitseve was also shelled with automatic grenade launchers and 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles. Two civilian residents, an adult male and a female teenager, were wounded at Gagarin coal mine, where several houses were damaged. The same sources attributed the intensity of the tank attack on Gagarin and Hluboka, where 44 rounds of 125  were fired, to a Ukrainian attempt to cover the withdrawal of Ukrainian army stragglers from the area of Chyhari.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the morning, pro-Russian troops had opened fire on 73 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 46 occasions in Donetsk and on 27 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 40 occasions. By morning of 13 May twelve ceasefire violations were registered. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence reported at noon that one Ukrainian serviceman was killed in action and six were wounded in the Donbass region on 12 May. Pro-Russian sources at Donetsk city reported 33 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 13 locations using small arms, grenade launchers, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers, armoured fighting vehicles and tanks. Two civilian were confirmed wounded. Officials from the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic reported that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire seven times within the republic boundaries. The Ukrainian military employed heavy machine guns, rocket launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and 122 mm self-propelled guns to attack pro-Russian positions at Kalynove, Zholobok and Znamianka.
By the end of the day 63 ceasefire violations were registered, two Ukrainian servicemen were wounded. In the area around Donetsk city, Verkhnyotoretske came under 82 mm mortar fire. Small arms, heavy machine guns and different types of grenade and rocket launcher systems were employed to harass Ukrainian troops at Avdiivka, Kamianka, Taramchuk, Krasnohorivka, Marinka, Verkhnyotoretske and Butivka mining complex. In the region of Mariupol, rebel forces fired infantry weapons and rocket launchers at Vodiane, Pavlopil, Hnutove, Talakivka and Shyrokyne. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, 122 mm self-propelled artillery pounded Ukrainian positions around Svitlodarsk. Pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles engaged Ukrainian redoubts at Luhanske, supported by heavy machine guns, rocket launchers and 120 mm mortars. Zaitseve, Zalizne, Krymske, Luhanske, Novhorodske, Novoluhanske, Svitlodarsk, Maisk and Troitske became the target of 82 mm and 120 mm mortars. Pro-Russian sources at Donetsk city told the press that the Ukrainian military continued to broke the ceasefire throughout the day. Ukrainian forces attacked pro-Russian positions at Mykhailivka, Verkhnyotoretske, Spartak and Vasiilivka, in the surroundings of Donetsk city, Zaitseve, Gagarin mining complex, Shyroka Balka, 6/7 coal mine, Holmivsky, Dolomitne and Ozeryanivka, in the area of Horlivka, and Uzhivka, in the region of Mariupol. In the main incidents, 122 mm self-propelled guns from Mykhailivka pounded pro-Russian redoubts at Zaitseve. Zaitseve, Dolomitne and Gagarin mining complex also became the target of 82 mm and 120 mm mortars. Ozeryanivka, Holmivsky and 6/7 coal mine were hit by 120 mm mortar volleys, while Spartak and Uzhivka came under 82 mm mortar fire. BMP-1 armoured vehicles from Novhorodske, Novoluhanske and Travneve engaged pro-Russian forces at Shyroka Balka, Dolomitne and Holmivsky. BMP-2 armoured vehicles attacked Zaitseve and Gagarin mining complex. One civilian resident was wounded at Gagarin, where three houses were damaged.
An USAF RQ-48 Global Hawk strategic drone conducted a recoinnassance mission over the demarcation line.
The press-centre of the JFO headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 63 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 33 occasions in Donetsk region and on 30 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 30 occasions. By 11:00 am of 14 May thirteen ceasefire violations were registered, with no casualties on the Ukrainian side. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that two Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in action in the Donbass region on 13 May. Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city reported 22 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 12 locations using small arms, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers, armoured fighting vehicles and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. One civilian was wounded. Local sources reported that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire on nine occasions within the boundaries of the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic. The Ukrainian army employed small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles to attack pro-Russian positions at Zholobok, Sentianivka and Kalynove.
By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 42, with no casualties on the Ukrainian side. In the environs of Donetsk city, Opytne came under 82 mm mortar fire; rebel forces, meanwhile, harassed Ukrainian troops at Avdiivka, Marinka, Pisky, Opytne and Butivka mining complex. In the region of Mariupol, Vodiane, Hnutove, Pyshchevik, Talakivka, Lebedinske and Shyrokyne became the target of infantry weapons and rocket propelled grenades. In the northern section of the demarcation line, pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles engaged Ukrainian positions at Katerinivka, Novozvanivka, Zaitseve, Luhanske, Svitlodarsk, Zalizne and Krymske. Zolote, Troitske, Zalizne and Zaitseve were hit by 82 mm and 120 mm mortar volleys. Several violations of the truce by Ukrainian forces were reported by pro-Russian officials throughout the day. The Ukrainan military opened fire on pro-Russian troops at Dokuchaievsk, Spartak and Yasynuvata, in the outskirts of Donetsk city, and Zaitseve, Zheleznaya Balka and Gagarin mining complex, in the area of Horlivka. In the main incidents, heavy shelling was reported at Gagarin mining complex, which became the target of 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. Zaitseve was hit by 82 mm and 120 mm mortar volleys, and 120 mm mortars firing from Dzerzhinnsky also pounded Zheleznaya Balka. BMP-2 armoured vehicles from Avdiivka engaged pro-Russian positions at Yasynuvata.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the morning, pro-Russian troops had opened fire on 42 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 25 occasions in Donetsk and on 14 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 20 occasions. By morning of 15 May eleven ceasefire violations were registered, with no casualties on the Ukrainian side. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon no casualties in the Donbass region on 14 May. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city reported 18 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in six different locations using small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers, armoured fighting vehicles and 122 mm self-propelled guns. Authorities from the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic reported that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire three times within the republic boundaries. The Ukrainian military employed small arms, machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles to attack pro-Russian positions at Prishib and Kalynove.
By the end of the day total 45 ceasefire violations were registered by the Ukrainian side, as a result, one Ukrainian serviceman (born in 1985) was killed, two were wounded. In the area around Donetsk city, Verkhnyotoretske and Pisky came under 82 mm and 120 mm mortar fire. Rebel troops fired small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers at Ukrainian positions at Verhnoytoretske, Kamianka, Krasnohorivka, Marinka, Opytne and Pisky. In the region of Mariupol, 82 mm and 120 mm mortar volleys struck Shyrokyne and Lebedinske, while infantry weapons and grenade launchers were used to harass Ukrainian troops at Vodiane, Hnutove, Pavlopil, Talakivka and Verkhnyotoretske. In the northern section of the demarcation line, 82 mm and 120 mm mortars were fired at Zalizne, Zaitseve, Novhorodske, Novozvanivka, Maiske and Troitske. Pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles attacked Ukrainian forces in the area of Svitlodarsk, while Troitske became the target of ZU-23-2 antiaircraft guns. Pro-Russian officials from Donetsk city told the press that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire several times throughout the day. Dokuchaievsk, Mykhailivka and Volvo Center, in the outskirts of Donetsk city, Zaitseve, Holmivsky, Gagarin mining complex and Dolomitne, in the area of Horlivka, and in the region of Mariupol, Sakhanka, Dzerzhinske and Novolaspa. In the main incidents, 122 mm self-propelled guns from Zhovanki, Semigorye and Kodeema shelled pro-Russian positions at Zaitseve, Dolomitne and Holmivsky. Gagarin mining complex, Zaitseve and Holmivsky were hit by 120 mm mortar barrages. Rebel forces also fired 82 mm mortars at Zaitseve, Mykhailivka and Volvo Center. BMP-1 armoured vehicles engaged pro-Russian forces at Dzerzhinske. Dokuchaievsk became the target of 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, while two antitank guided missiles were launched at Sakhanka from Ukrainian positions at Lebedinske.
The press-centre of the JFO headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 45 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 29 occasions in Donetsk region and on 16 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 25 occasions. By morning of 16 May ten ceasefire violations were registered, the fire was returned on 4 occasions, with no casualties on the Ukrainian side (as of 9:00 am). The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence reported at noon that one Ukrainian serviceman was killed in action and two others were wounded in the Donbass region on 15 May. Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city reported 24 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in eleven locations using small arms, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, antitank guided missiles, armoured personnel carriers, armoured fighting vehicles and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. Local sources reported that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire on nine occasions within the boundaries of the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic. The Ukrainian army employed small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars BMP-1 armoured vehicles to attack pro-Russian positions at Veselehorivka, Lozove and Kalynove.
By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 66, two Ukrainian servicemen were killed, four were wounded. In the surroundings of Donetsk city, a barrage of ten BM-21 artillery "Grad" rockets hit Avdiivka, which also became the target of small arms, heavy machine guns, rocket launchers, 82 mm and 120 mm mortar rounds. Opytne came under the combined fire of infantry weapons, grenade launchers, 82 mm and 120 mm mortars, while small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers were fired at Verkhnytoretske, Marinka, Pisky, Krasnohorivka, Kamianka and Nevelske. Rebel forces attacked Opytne and Avdiivka with ZU-23-2 antiaircraft artillery. In the region of Mariupol, 122 mm self-propelled artillery shelled Vodiane, Bohdanivka and Nikolaevka, while 82 mm and 120 mm mortar volleys landed in Lebedinske and Vodiane. Ukrainian positions at Novohnativka, Hnutove, Vodiane, Pavlopil, Lebedinske, Nikolaevka and Pyshchevik were hit by small arms fire, heavy machine gun fire and rocket propelled grenades. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, Ukrainian redoubts at Luhanske were attacked with heavy machine guns, 82 mm mortars, armoured fighting vehicles and 122 mm self-propelled guns. Rebel forces from Knyaz Igor memorial harassed Ukrainian troops at Stanytsia Luhanska with small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers. Intense fire from 82 mm and 120 mm mortars was reported at Zalizne, Troitske, Mayorsk, Novoluhanske, Svitlodarsk and Luhanske, Heavy machine gun fire and antitank rockets hit Zaitseve, Novoluhanske, Novozvanivka and Novotoshkivka, while armoured fighting vehicles engaged Ukrainian redoubts at Krymske and Novoluhanske. Sniper fire was reported at Novozvanivka and Novhorodske. Pro-Russian officials reported several Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire by evening. Ukrainian forces attacked Mineralne, Dokuchaievsk, Kruta Balka, Yasynuvata and Spartak, in the outskirts of Donetsk city, Zaitseve, Gagarin mining complex, Holmivsky and Dolomitne, in the area of Horlivka, and Sakhanka, Pikuzy, Uzhivka and Petrovske, in the region of Mariupol. In the main incidents, Ukrainian forces from Avdiivka fired a 40 rocket barrage from BM-21 "Grad" multiple rocket launchers at Yasynuvata, while Holmivsky was shelled with 122 mm self-propelled guns. Zaitseve, Gagarin mining complex, Uzhivka, Holmivsky, Spartak and Dokuchaievsk were hit by 120 mm mortar volleys. Ukrainian troops also fired 82 mm mortars at Zaitseve, Gagarin mining complex,Uzhivka, Pikuzy, Mineralne, Dolomitne, Petrovske and Yasynuvata. BMP-1 armoured vehicles engaged pro-Russian redoubts at Pikuzy and Dolomitne, while one antitank guided missile was launched at Sakhanka from Ukrainian positions at Lebedinske. Kruta Balka became the target of 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles. A Ukrainian tank opened fire on pro-Russian redoubts in the region of Mariupol. One female civilian was killed at Holmivsky.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the morning, pro-Russian troops had opened fire on 66 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that two Ukrainian servicemen were killed in action and four were wounded in the Donbass region on 16 May. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city reported 31 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 14 locations using small arms, grenade launchers, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, antitank guided missiles, armoured personnel carriers, armoured fighting vehicles, tanks and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. Sources from the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic recorded nine Ukrainian violations of the truce within the republic's borders. Ukrainian forces engaged pro-Russian positions at Kalynyvka, Kalynove, Lozove, Nyzhnie Lozove and Mala Verhunka using heavy machine guns, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, BMP-1 armoured vehicles and 122 mm self-propelled artillery.
By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 60, seven Ukrainian servicemen were wounded. In the area around Donetsk city, 82 mm and 120 mm mortar barrages hit Ukrainian redoubts at Opytne. Avdiivka, Kamianka, Krasnohorivka, Marinka, Taramchuk, Nevelske, Opytne and Pisky became the target of small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers. In the region of Mariupol, Vodiane and Hnutove were shelled with 120 mm mortars and 122 mm artillery. Starohnativka and Novohnativka, meanwhile, were pounded by 82 mm and 120 mm mortar fire. Rebel troops fired infantry weapons and grenade launchers at Ukrainian positions around Pavlopil, Shyrokyne, Pyshchevik, Lebedinske, Novohnativka, Starohnativka and Hnutove. In the northern section of the demarcation line, Krymske was shelled with 152 mm self-propeleld artillery; the same area was also targeted by infantry weapons, rocket launchers and 82 mm mortars. Zaitseve, Zalizne, Novoluhanske and Troitske were pounded by 122 mm artillery volleys. Rebel forces fired small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers at Novozvanivka, Novotoshvka, Novhorodske and Prichepilivka. Multiple violations of the truce by Ukrainian forces were reported by pro-Russian officials throughout the day. The Ukrainian military opened fire on pro-Russian troops at Yasynuvata, Spartak, Volvo Center, Trudivske and Mineralne, in the environs of Donetsk city, Zaitseve, Holmivsky, Gagarin mining complex, Zheleznaya Balka and Shyroka Balka, in the area of Horlivka, and in the region of Mariupol, Sakhanka, Pikuzy, Uzhivka and Dzerzhinske. In the main incidents, 122 mm self-propelled artillery from Zalizne shelled Zheleznaya Balka. Ukrainian forces fired 120 mm mortars at Zaitseve, Gagarin mining complex, Uzhivka, Sakhanka and Pikuzy and 82 mm mortars at Holmivsky, Zaitseve, Gagarin mining complex and Yasynuvata. Ukrainian tanks from Dzherzinsky engaged pro-Russian positions around Gagarin mining complex. BMP-1 armoured vehicles shelled Sakhanka, and BMP-2 armoured vehicles opened fire on pro-Russian positions at Petrovske. One civilian resident was wounded at Zaitseve. The water purification plant at Yasynuvata was put out of commission after being hit by 82 mm mortar rounds fired from Kamianka. According to the information provided by the JFO headquarters Pivdenne was taken under control of Ukrainian forces.
The press-centre of the JFO headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 60 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 37 occasions in Donetsk region and on 23 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 28 occasions. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that seven Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in the Donbass region on 17 May. Two civilians were killed and two were injured by shelling in Troitske at around 2:00 am on 18 May by heavy artillery fire. Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city recorded 39 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 20 different locations using small arms, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless guns, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, antiaircraft guns, armoured personnel carriers, armoured fighting vehicles, tanks and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. One civilian was wounded at Zaitseve. The commander of the battalion "Pyatnashky", Oleg Mamaiev, died of wounds after being hit by shrapnel from Ukrainian artillery near Avdiivka. In the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic, local officials reported six Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire. The Ukrainian military used small arms, heavy machine guns, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles to engage pro-Russian positions at Kalynove, Donetskyi, Lohvynove and Zholobok.
By the end of the day 43 ceasefire violations were registered with no casualties on the Ukrainian side. In the environs of Donetsk city, pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles engaged Ukrainian redoubts at Avdiivka, supported by 82 mm and 120 mm mortar fire. Verkhnyotoretske, Krasnohorivka, Avdiivka, Marinka and Nevelske became the target of infantry weapons and rocket launchers. In the region of Mariupol, heavy shelling was reported at Lebedinske, where Ukrainian positions were pounded by 120 mm mortars and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. Rebel forces fired small arms, heavy machine guns and grenade launchers at Vodiane Shyrokyne and Lebedinske. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, Popasna became the target of 120 mm mortars and 152 mm artillery. After midnight, pro-Russian 122 mm self-propelled guns shelled Ukrainian positions at Zalizne from Gagarin mining complex. Earlier, 120 mm mortar barrages had landed in the same location. Katerininvka and Novozvanivka came under 82 mm mortar fire. The separatis harassed Ukrainian troops at Zaitseve, Kirove, Krymske, Luhanske, Novozvanivka, Rassadky, Stanytsia Luhanska and Maisk with small arms fire, heavy machine gun fire and rocket propelled grenades. Pro-Russian sources at Donetsk city told the press that Ukrainian forces had broken the ceasefire on several occasions by evening. Kruta Balka, Yasynuvata, Volvo Center and Vasiilivka, in the surroundings of Donetsk city, Gagarin mining complex, Zheleznaya Balka, Shyroka Balka, Zaitseve and Komsomolske, in the area of Horlivka, and in the region of Mariupol, Uzhivka, Pikuzy and Dzerzhinske, came under hostile fire. In the main incidents, Ukrainian tanks from Novhorodske launched an attack on pro-Russian entrenchments at Gagarin mining complex supported by 122 mm self-propelled artillery; 122 mm artillery volleys fired from Dyliivka also landed in nearby Komsomolske. Zaitseve, Gagarin and Kruta Balka were hit by 120 mm mortar fire. The Ukrainian army shelled Zheleznaya Balka, Gagarin and Shyroka Balka with 82 mm mortars. Antiaircraft guns were used to pound pro-Russian positions at Gagarin, Pikuzy and Volvo Center. BMP-2 armoured vehicles from Vodiane raked pro-Russian redoubts at Dzerzhinske with 30 mm cannon fire. Two workers were wounded by shrapnel when Ukrainian artillery shelled the dolomite processing plant in northwest Horlivka at dawn.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the morning, pro-Russian troops had opened fire on 43 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence reported at noon no casualties in the Donbass region on 18 May. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city reported 22 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 16 locations using small arms, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers, armoured fighting vehicles, tanks and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. One elderly civilian resident was killed at Horlivka. The same sources reported 202 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire over the last week. The Ukrainian military fired 150 122 mm self-propelled artillery rounds, 40 tank rounds and 1,544 mortar shells on the same period. Two pro-Russian soldiers and one civilian were killed. According to local authorities, the Ukrainian military broke the ceasefire five times within the borders of the self-styled Luhansk People's Republic. The Ukrainian military employed small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars and BMP-2 armoured vehicles to engage pro-Russian positions at Sokolniki and Holubovske.
By the end of the day total 58 ceasefire violations were registered, as a result, three Ukrainian servicemen were wounded. In the surroundings of Donetsk city, BM-21 "Grad" multiple rocket launchers fired several rocket barrages at Avdiivka. Rebel forces also shelled Avdiivka, Zaitseve and Zalizne with 120 mm mortars and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. Pro-Russian infantry launched a number of attacks in the area that were repelled by the Ukrainian defenders. In the region of Mariupol, Pyshchevik, Vodiane and Shyrokyne came under 122 mm artillery fire. Ukrainian marines pushed back a number of infantry assaults on their positions. Similar attacks took place in the northern sector of the demarcation line, on the strongholds of Novotoshkivke, Zolote, Krymske, Novozvanivka and Troitske. Pro-Russian sources told the press that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire several times throughout the day. Yasynuvata and Dokuchaievsk, in the outskirts of Donetsk city, Zaitseve, Gagarin mining complex and Shyroka Balka, in the area of Horlivka, and in the region of Mariupol Kazatske, Uzhivka, Petrovske and Pikuzy, came under attack. In the main incidents, 122 mm self-propelled artillery from Pavlopil shelled pro-Russian positions at Kazatske, while 120 mm mortar volleys landed in Zaitseve, Gagarin mining complex, Shyroka Balka, Uzhivka and Dokuchaievsk. Ukrainian forces fired 82 mm mortars at Zaitseve, Gagarin, Yasynuvata and Dokuchaievsk. BMP-1 armoured vehicles from Bohdanivka engaged pro-Russian forces at Petrovske, and BMP-2 armoured vehicles from Novotroitske riddled pro-Russian redoubts with 30 mm cannon fire. One civilian resident was killed and another wounded at Zaitseve. Witnesses on the ground reported heavy fire in the western outskirts of Donetsk city by night, claiming that Ukrainian tanks from Butivka mining complex shelled Spartak, and artillery fire hit Yasynuvata. In the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic Zholobok and Nyzhnie Lozove were attacked with rocket launchers, 82 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles.
The press-centre of the JFO headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 58 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that three Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in the Donbass region on 19 May. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city recorded 23 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in ten different areas using small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, antiaircraft guns, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers, armoured fighting vehicles and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. According to local sources, the Ukrainian military broke the ceasefire seven times within the boundaries of the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic. The Ukrainian forces engaged pro-Russian positions at Nyzhne Lozove, Kalynove, Zholobok, Berezovske, Prishib and Krasny Yar employing small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, rocket launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles.
By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 55, with no casualties on the Ukrainian side. In the outskirts of Donetsk city, BM-21 "Grad" multiple rocket launchers were fired from Yasynuvata at the Ukrainian stroghold of Avdiivka, which was hit by a 40 rocket barrage. Novotroitske became the target of 122 mm self-propelled artillery firing from Dokuchaievsk. Pro-Russian tanks launched an attack on Ukrainian redoubts at Avdiivka. Pisky and Avdiivka were shelled with 82 mm and 120 mm mortars, while small arms and heavy machine gun fire was reported at Marinka, Verkhnyotoretske, Pisky, Nevelske and Krasnohorivka. In the region of Mariupol, 122 mm artillery volleys fired from Zaichenko struck Vodiane, which was later hit by 120 mm mortar rounds. Nikolaevka and Shyrokyne came under 82 mm and 120 mm mortar fire. pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles opened fire on Ukrainian positions at Hnutove and Vodiane. Ukrainian forces at Vodiane, Shyrokyne, Hnutove, Pavlopil and Lomakine. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, heavy shelling was reorted at Zaitseve, which became the target of 120 mm mortars and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. Rebel forces also fired 82 mm and 120 mm mortars at Shumy, Zalizne, Troitske and Luhanske. A Ukrainian infantry thrust behind pro-Russian lines rounded up three prisoners and suppressed a hostile firing position, killing a pro-Russian fighter. The group, led by Colonel Koltsov, belonged to the 46 Battalion of Special Forces "Donbass". The incident was confirmed to have taken place near Holmivsky by pro-Russian authorities. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city said that Ukrainian forces had broken the truce on several occasions during the day. The Ukrainian military attacked Yasynuvata, Spartak, Mineralne, Kruta Balka, Vasiilivka and Dokuchaievsk, around Donetsk city, Ozeryanivka, Zaitseve and Gagarin mining complex, in the area of Horlivka, and in the region of Mariupol, Petrovske, Sakhanka and Pikuzy. In the main incidents, 122 mm self-propelled guns from Avdiivka fired at Yasynuvata. Rebel forces also shelled Zaitseve, Gagarin mining complex and Pikuzy with 82 mm and 120 mm mortars. Mineralne, Kruta Balka and Dokuchaievsk came under 120 mm mortar fire, while 82 mm mortar volleys hit Spartak, Sakhanka and Vasiilivka. BMP-1 armoured vehicles engaged pro-Russian redoubts at Ozeryanivka and Gagarin mining complex.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the morning, pro-Russian troops had opened fire on 55 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence reported at noon no casualties in the Donbass region on 20 May. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city reported 20 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in eleven different locations using small arms, snipers, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers, armoured fighting vehicles and 122 mm self-propelled guns. An elderly civilian was wounded at Horlivka. Officials from the self-styled Luhansk People's Republic said that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire three times within the republic boundaries. The Ukrainian military employed small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless guns, 120 mm mortars to attack pro-Russian positions at Kalynivka, Kalynove and Nyzhnie Lozove.
By the end of the day total 53 ceasefire violations were registered, as a result, two Ukrainian servicemen were killed, nine were wounded. Around Donetsk city, Marinka was hit by 82 mm and 120 mm mortar volleys. The village was also the target of small arms and sniper fire. The separatists fired infantry weapons at Pisky, Avdiivka and Novomykhailivka. In the region of Mariupol, heavy shelling was reported at Novohnativka, which was pounded by 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. Small arms and heavy machine gun fire harassed Ukrainian troops at Hnutove, Vodiane, Pavlopil, Novomykhailovka, Chermalyk and Novohnativka. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, Mayorsk became the target of 152 mm artillery. Troitske, Yuzhne, Novhorodske, Novoluhanske, Mayorsk, Shumy, Zaitseve and Zalizne were fired at from 82 mm and 120 mm mortars. Pro-Russian authorities told the press that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire several times throughout the day. Vasiilivka and Mykhailivka, in the surroundings of Donetsk city, Zaitseve, Ozeryanivka, Gagarin mining complex, Shyroka Balka, Zheleznaya Balka, Holmivsky, Dolomitne and Mayorsk checkpoint, in the area of Horlivka, and in the region of Mariupol, Uzhivka, Sosnovske and Petrovske. In the main incidents, 122 mm self-propelled artillery pounded pro-Russian positions at Gagarin mining complex and Holmivsky. Zaitseve, Gagarin mining complex, Zheleznaya Balka and Petrovske came under 120 mm mortar fire. Rebel forces also shelled Shyroka Balka, Dolomitne, Ozeryanivka, Zaitseve, Gagarin, Mykhailivka, Uzhivka and Sosnovske with 82 mm mortars. BMP-1 armoured vehicles opened fire on pro-Russian redoubts at Shyroka Balka, while BMP-2 armoured vehicles riddled Ukrainian redoubts with 30 mm gunfire at Petrovske, Shyroka Balka and Mykhailivka. Four civilian residents were wounded by Ukrainian shelling at Gagarin.
The press-centre of the JFO headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 53 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 28 occasions in Donetsk region and on 25 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 14 occasions. By morning of 22 May ten ceasefire violations were registered. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence reported at noon that two Ukrainian servicemen (born in 1986 and in 1987) were killed and four others were wounded during a pro-Russian raid on the village of Pivdenne at around 5:00 am; five other Ukrainian servicemen were wounded elsewhere in the Donbass region on 21 May. Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city reported 29 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 12 locations using small arms, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers, armoured fighting vehicles and 122 mm self-propelled guns. One pro-Russian soldier was killed in action and two others wounded. Four civilians were confirmed injured. According to officials from the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic recorded four Ukrainan violations of the truce within the republic boundaries. BMP-1 armoured vehicles from Troitske launched four attacks on pro-Rusisan positions at Kalynove and Veselehorivka, in one occasion supported by automatic grenade launchers.
By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 49, one Ukrainian serviceman (born in 1995) was killed, three were wounded. In the surroundings of Donetsk city, 120 mm mortar barrages hit Avdiivka, Novoselivka and Opytne. Ukrainian forces at Marinka were fired at from snipers and 82 mm mortars. In the region of Mariupol, 122 mm self-propelled guns from Zaichenko hit Ukrainian positions at Talakivka. Bohdanivka was likewise shelled from Styla with 152 mm artillery. In the northern section of the demarcation line, Maisk, Yuzhne and Troitske were shelled with 82 mm and 120 mm mortars. Stanytsia Luhanska was attacked from separatist forces at Knyaz Igor memorial with small arms, heay machine guns and grenade launchers. Zaitseve, Troitske, Novozvanivka, Maiske and Luhanske became the target of infantry weapons. Pro-Russian sources at Donetsk city reported several Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire across the day. The Ukrainian military attacked Yakovliivka and Dokuchaievsk, in the outskirts of Donetsk city, Zaitseve and Holmivsky, in the area of Horlivka and in the region of Mariupol, Bezimenne, Uzhivka, Dzerzhinske and Sakhanka. In the main incidents, Zaitseve, Yakovliivka and Dokuchaievsk were struck by 120 mm mortar barrages. Rebel forces also fired 82 mm mortars at Holmivsky. BMP-1 armoured vehicles from Shyrokyne launched a sustained attack on Ukrainian redoubts at Bezimenne, while BMP-2 armoured vehicles from Vodiane raked pro-Russian positions at Dzerzhinske with 30 mm cannon fire. Antiaircraft artillery, firing in direct mode, pounded Uzhivka and Sakahnka. One civilian was killed and three children wounded when an improvised explosive device struck a bus at Debaltseve.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the morning, pro-Russian troops had opened fire on 49 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 36 occasions in Donetsk and on 12 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on about 20 occasions. By morning of 23 May ten ceasefire violations were registered with no casualties on the Ukrainian side. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence reported at noon that one Ukrainian serviceman was killed in action and three were wounded in the Donbass region on 22 May. One civilian was killed at Marinka. Pro-Russian sources at Donetsk city reported eleven Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in elevent locations using small arms, snipers, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, antiaircraft guns, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. In the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic, local officials reported seven Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire. The Ukrainian military used small arms, heavy machine guns, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles to engage pro-Russian positions at Nyzhnie Lozove, Lozove, Veselehorivka, Kalynove and Knyaz Igor memorial.
By the end of the day total 38 ceasefire violations were registered, as a result, two Ukrainian servicemen were wounded. In the area around Donetsk city, Opytne and Butivka mining complex came under 82 mm and 120 mm mortar fire. Verhneyotoretske, Nevelske, Opytne, Pisky, Avdiivka, Marinka and Butivka mining complex became the target of infantry weapons and rocket launchers. Sniper fire was reported at Marinka. In the region of Mariupol, pro-Russian tanks from Sosnovske engaged Ukrainian redoubts at Pavlopil. Hranitne and Pavlopil were targeted by 82 mm and 120 mm mortars. Rebel forces fired small arms and grenade launchers at Pyshchevik, Shyrokyne, Vodiane, Pavlopil, Chermalik and Hnutove, while Ukrainian troops at Pavlopil were harassed by hostile snipers. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, Zaitseve, Krymske and Troitske were hit by 82 mm and 120 mm mortar fire. Small arms and heavy machine guns were used to attack Ukrainian positions at Novozvanivka and Novooleksandrivka. Pro-Russian authorities told the press that the Ukrainian military broke the ceasefire several times throughout the day. Verkhnyotoretske and Vasiilivka, in the surroundings of Donetsk city, Zaitseve, Ozeryanivka, Shyroka Balka and Dolomitne, in the area of Horlivka, and in the region of Mariupol, Uzhivka and Dzerzhinske. In the main incidents, Ukrainian forces shelled Zaitseve and Dolomitne with 82 mm and 120 mm mortars, while 120 mm mortar volleys also landed in Uzhivka. Verkhnyotoretske and Shyroka Balka came under 82 mm mortars. BMP-1 and BMP-2 armoured vehicles launched a sustained attack on pro-Russian positions at Ozeryanivka. BMP-1 armoured vehicles opened fire on Zaitseve and Shyroka Balka. Deputy minister of defence of the DNR, Eduard Basurin, said that a group of Ukrainian special forces attempting to broke through the demarcation line from Marinka were met with heavy gunfire by pro-Russian forces at Petrovsky district. The intruders were beaten back with casualties.
The press-centre of the JFO headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 38 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 32 occasions in Donetsk region and on 6 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on several occasions. By morning of 24 May eleven ceasefire violations were registered with no casualties on the Ukrainian side. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that two Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in the Donbass region on 23 May. Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city reported 16 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in nine locations using small arms, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, antiaircraft guns, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. In the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic, local officials reported eleven Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire. The Ukrainian military used small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm recoilless antitank rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles to pound pro-Russian positions at Kalynove, Sentianivka, Zholobok and Veselehorivka.
By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 36, two Ukrainian soldiers were wounded. In the environs of Donetsk city, Novoselivka became the target of 122  self-propelled artillery. Rebel forces used small arms, rocket launchers, 120 mm mortars and armoured fighting vehicles to attack Marinka, Nevelske, Berezove, Troitske, Pisky and Butivka mining complex. Later in the night, hostile tanks opened fire on Ukrainian positions at Nevelske, while small arms fire was reported at Marinka. Pro-Russian tanks launched a sustained attack on Ukrainian redoubts at Hranitne, in the region of Mariupol. Armoured fighting vehicles, supported by small arms, grenade launchers and 120 mm mortars, engaged Ukrainian forces at Pavlopil, Hnutove, Chermalik and Shyrokyne. Starohnativka came under 152 mm artillery fire after midnight. In the northern section of the demacation line, pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles attacked Novoluhanske, supported by small arms, heavy machine guns, 82  mortars and 120 mm mortars. Zarya was hit by 152 mm self-propelled artillery, while 82 mm and 120 mm mortar volleys landed in Zaitseve and Luhanske. Ukrainian positions at Codeema and Novozvanivka were struck by heavy machine gun fire and antitank rockets. Pro-Russian officials reported a number of Ukrainian violations of the truce across the day. Ukrainian forces attacked Dokuchaievsk, in the outskirts of Donetsk city, Hladosove, Holmivsky, Ozeryanivka, Zaitseve and Dolomitne, and in the region of Mariupol, Sakhanka and Pikuzy. In the main incidents, Hladosove, Holmivsky and Dolomitne came under 120 mm mortar fire; 82 mm mortar volleys landed meanwhile in Dokuchaievsk, Sakhanka and Zaitseve. BMP-1 armoured vehicles from Talakivka attacked Pikuzy, while BMP-2 armoured vehicles from Novotroitske riddled pro-Russian positions at Dokuchaievsk with 30 mm gunfire. There were reports of fresh shelling at Dokuchaievsk later in the night. According to the same sources, pro-Russian positions at Spartak, Donetsk airport and Yasynuvata were engaged by small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm recoilless antitank rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and armoured fighting vehicles. Ukrainian drones overflew the area.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the morning, pro-Russian troops had opened fire on 36 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 28 occasions in Donetsk and on 8 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on several occasions. By morning of 25 May eleven ceasefire violations were registered with no casualties on the Ukrainian side. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence reported at noon that two Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in the Donbass region on 24 May. Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city reported 16 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in eight locations using small arms, snipers, automatic grenade launchers, 73 antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mortars, 120 mortars, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. The same sources recorded 139 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire over the past week. Ukrainian forces fired 49 rounds from 122 mm self-propelled artillery, four from tanks and 615 from mortars. Pro-Russian forces repelled two assaults by the Ukrainian army in the area of Horlivka. Two pro-Russian soldiers and two civilian residents were killed. According to local authorities, the Ukrainian military broke the ceasefire twice within the borders of the self-styled Luhansk People's Republic. The Ukrainian military employed heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 82 mm and 120 mm mortars to attack pro-Russian positions at Kalynivka and Lohvynove.
The JFO headquarters released a report indicating that in the early hours of the morning, pro-Russian 152 mm self-propelled artillery firing from Komsomoletsk, in the area of Horlivka, hit and blew up a Ukrainian ammunition dump at Stara Nikolaevka. The Ukrainian military claimed that two pro-Russian guns were destroyed in retaliation. By the end of the day the number of recorded ceasefire violations had risen to 33; two Ukrainian soldiers were wounded in action. In the area of Donetsk city, Novotroitske and Stara Nikolaevka were hit by 152 mm artillery volleys. Pro-Russian tanks, meanwhile, launched an attack on Nevelske. Rebel forces used infantry weapons and rocket launchers to harass Ukrainian troops at Marinka, Krasnohorivka, Nevelske and Novoselivka. In the region of Mariupol, pro-Russian tanks engaged Ukrainian redoubts around Lebedinske. Nearby Shyrokyne was hit by 120 mm mortar volleys. Ukrainian positions at Hnutove, Vodiane, Pavlopil, Shyrokyne and Starohnativka were struck by small arms fire, heavy machine gun fire and antitank rockets. JFO sources claimed the shooting down of a pro-Russian drone over Volnovakha. In the northern section of the demarcation line, heavy shelling was reported at Novoluhanske, which became the target of 120 mm mortars and 122 mm self-propelled guns. Ukrainian troops at Luhanske were fired at from small arms, heavy machine guns, 82 mm and 120 mm mortars. Svitlodarsk and Krymske were hit by small arms fire, antitank rockets and 82 mm mortar rounds. Several Ukrainian violations of the truce were reported by pro-Russian sources at Donetsk city throughout the day. Ukrainian forces attacked Mineralne, Verkhnyotoretske, Spartak, Dokuchaievsk, Lozove and Vasiilivka, in the outskirts of Donetsk city, Zaitseve and Gagarin mining complex, in the area around Horlivka, and in the region of Mariupol, Petrovske and Dzerzhinske. In the main incidents, Petrovske was shelled by 120 mm mortars and 122 mm self-propeleld artillery. Spartak was hit by 82 mm and 120 mm mortar volleys, while Lozove and Dokuchaievsk came under 120 mm mortar fire. BMP-2 armoured vehicles from Novotroitske raked pro-Russian positions at Dokuchaievsk with 30 mm gunfire. BTR-80 armoured personnel carriers attacked Ukrainian redoubts at Verkhnyotoretske.
The press-centre of the JFO headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 33 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 27 occasions in Donetsk region and on 6 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 11 occasions. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence reported at noon that two Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in the Donbass region on 25 May. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city reported 14 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in ten different locations using small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers, armoured fighting vehicles and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. One civilian resident was wounded. Sources from the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic recorded five Ukrainian violations of the truce within the republic's borders. Ukrainian forces engaged pro-Russian positions at Kalynyvka, Lohvynove, Molodezhne and Zholobok using small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles.
By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 28, one Ukrainian serviceman was killed, four were wounded, two were taken into prison. In the outskirts of Donetsk city, pro-Russian military used infantry weapons to harass Ukrainian troops at Kamianka, Krasnohorivka, Marinka, Opytne and Pisky. Sniper fire was reported at Krasnohorivka. In the region of Mariupol, Ukrainian redobts at Vodiane were hit by heavy machine gun fire and antitank rockets. Pavlopil, Shyrokyne, Vodiane and Hnutove became the target of small arms and heavy machine guns. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, Zaitseve came under the combined fire of 82 mm and 120 mm mortars. Krymske was struck by 120 mm mortar volleys, while 82 mm mortar rounds and antitank guided missiles hit Yuzhne. Heavy machine guns and antitank rocket launchers were fired at Novotoshkivke, Prichepilivka, Luhanske, Krymske, Yuzhne and Zaitseve. Pro-Russian authorities from Donetsk city recorded a number of Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire by evening in the surroundings of Donetsk city and Horlivka. In the main incidents, BMP-1 armoured vehicles from Nevelske engaged pro-Russian positions at Lozove, supported by automatic grenade launchers. Verkhnyotoretske and Holmivsky were fired at from 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles. In the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic, military spokesman Andryi Marochko reported that two Ukrainian soldiers from the 14th Mechanized Brigade were captured by pro-Russian forces while wandering in the buffer zone.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the morning, pro-Russian troops had opened fire on 28 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence reported at noon that one Ukrainian serviceman was killed and two others were wounded in an ambush on Ukrainia armoured fighting vehicles near Horlivka at around 8:00 pm; another two Ukrainian soldiers were wounded elsewhere in the Donbass region on 26 May. Pro-Russian officials in Donetsk city recorded three Ukrainian violations of the truce. The Ukrainian military used small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73  antitank recoilless guns and BMP-1 armoured vehicles to attack pro-Russian positions at Lozove and Verkhnyotoretske, in the outskirts of Donetsk city, and Holmivsky, in the area of Horlivka. Sources from the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic said that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire once within the republic boundaries, when BMP-1 armoured vehicles from Luhanske, supported by heavy machine guns and automatic grenade launchers engaged pro-Russian troops at Nyzhnie Lozove.
The Security Service reported that two of their servicemen from the Alpha unit, one of them a lieutenant colonel, were killed and one was wounded by artillery shelling in Luhansk region. By the end of the day total 22 ceasefire violations were registered. Around Donetsk city, Nevelske, Krasnohorivka, Pisky, Verkhnyotoretske and Butivka mining complex were attacked with infantry weapons and grenade launchers. In the region of Mariupol, heavy shelling was reported at Chermalyk, which became the target of rocket launchers, antitank guided missiles, 120 mm mortars and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. Vodiane, Pavlopil, Shyrokyne and Talakivka. In the northern section of the demarcation line, Zaitseve was struck by 82 mm and 120 mm mortar volleys. Ukrainian troops at Luhanske, Novhorodske, Katerinivka and Svitlodarsk were engaged with heavy machine guns and rocket launchers. Two Ukrainian servicemen were wounded, one went missing in a clash between the warring parties that took place at Pavlopil at around 7:00 pm; (returned to his unit on 2 June). Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city told the press that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire on several occasions by evening. Spartak and Dokuchaievsk, in the surroundings of Donetsk city, Zaitseve, Ozeryanivka and Shyroka Balka, in the area of Horlivka, and in the region of Mariupol, Uzhivka, Pikuzy and Verkhnyoshyrokivske came under attack. In the main incidents, Ozeryanivka became the target of the combined action of 82  and 120 mm mortars. Ozeryanivka, Spartak and Dokuchaievsk were hit by 120 mm mortar volleys. Rebel forces shelled Zaitseve with 82  mortars and 73  antitank recoilless rifles. BMP-1 armoured vehicles engaged pro-Russian positions at Ozeryanivka and Pikuzy, while BMP-2 armoured vehicles riddled Ukrainian outposts at Shyroka Balka with 30  gunfire.
The press-centre of the JFO headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 22 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 17 occasions in Donetsk region and on 5 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on several occasions. By morning of 28 May seven ceasefire violations were registered with no casualties on the Ukrainian side. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence reported at noon that two Ukrainian servicemen were wounded and one went missing in the Donbass region on 27 May. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city reported 16 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in eight different locations using small arms, automatic grenade launchers, 73  antitank recoilless rifles, 82  mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. No violations of the ceasefire were reported in the territory of the self-proclaimed Luhanks People's Republic.
By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 37, six Ukrainian servicemen were wounded; a 15-year-old female civilian was killed by shelling. In the environs of Donetsk city, Novoselivka and Novomykhailivka were shelled with 120 mm mortars. The separatists fired small arms, heavy machine guns and grenade launchers at Ukrainian positions in Pisky, Opytne, Krasnohorivka, Marinka, Novomykhailivka, Verkhnyotoretske and Novoselivka. In the region of Mariupol, 120 mm mortar volleys struck Starohnativka. Hnutove, Krasnohorivka, Pavlopil, Starohnativka and Shyrokyne became the target of small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, Zolote and Svitlodarsk were shelled with 82 mm and 120 mm mortars. Antitank rockets landed in Novozvanivka, while 120 mm mortar rounds hit Krymske and Novotoshkivke. Several Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire were reported by pro-Russian sources at Donetsk city. Ukrainian forces carried out attacks on Spartak, Dokuchaievsk and Verkhnyotoretske, in the outskirts of Donetsk city and Horlivka. In the main incidents, Spartak was hit by 120 mm mortar rounds. BMP-2 armoured vehicles from Novotroitske raked pro-Russian redoubts at Dokuchaievsk with 30  gunfire, while BTR-80 armoured personnel carriers launched an attack on Verkhnyotoretske supported by automatic grenade launchers. DNR sappers defused an unexploded BM-27 Uragan artillery rocket found near Makiivka.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the morning, pro-Russian troops had opened fire on 37 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 29 occasions in Donetsk and on 8 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 20 occasions. By the morning of 29 May eight ceasefire violations were registered with no casualties on the Ukrainian side. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that six Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in the Donbass region on 28 May. Pro-Russian officials in Donetsk city recorded four Ukrainian violations of the truce. The Ukrainian military used small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73  antitank recoilless guns, BTR-80 armoured personnel carriers and BMP-2 armoured vehicles to attack pro-Russian positions at Verkhnyotoretske, Dokuchaievsk and Spartak, all of them around Donetsk city and Horlivka. One pro-Russian soldier was killed in action. Sources from the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic said that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire seven times within the republic boundaries. The Ukrainian military employed small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, antitank rockets, 82 mm mortars and 120 mm mortars to attack pro-Russian positions at Zholobok, Donetskyi, Holubovske, Lozove and Prishib.
By the end of the day total 36 ceasefire violations were registered, as a result, four Ukrainian servicemen were wounded. In the surroundings of Donetsk city, 82 mm and 120 mm mortars were fired at Novoselivka, Opytne and Pisky. Marinka, Krasnohorivka, Pisky, Avdiivka and Opytne became the target of infantry weapons and grenade launchers. Sniper fire was reported at Marinka. In the region of Mariupol, antitank guided missiles landed in Lebedinske, while 82 mm and 120 mm mortar volleys landed in Shyrokyne, Starohnativka and Bohdanivka. Ukrainian troops at Pyshchevik, Vodiane, Lebedinske, Hnutove, Pavlopil, Bohdanivka and Shyrokyne became the target of small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, Zaitseve Yuzhne and Novotoshkivke were shelled with 120 mm mortars. The separatists used infantry weapons and grenade launchers to engage Ukrainian positions at Zaitseve, Lozove, Krymske, Yuzhne and Novotoshkivke. Heavy machine gun fire from Knyaz Igor memorial harassed Ukrainian forces at Stanytsia Luhanska. Pro-Russian authorities told the press that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire on a number of occasions by evening. Dokuchaievsk, Kruta Balka and Zhabicheve, in the surroundings of Donetsk city, and Petrovske, in the region of Mariupol, came under hostile fire. In the main incidents, 120 mm mortars were fired at Dokuchaievsk, while Zhabicheve was targeted by 82 mm mortars. BMP-1 armoured vehicles from Starohnativka engaged pro-Russian positions at Petrovske. The same sources claimed that a landing zone for drones belonging to the OSCE was shelled with mortars by the Ukrainian military.
The press-centre of the JFO headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 36 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 27 occasions in Donetsk region and on 9 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on about 20 occasions. As of 11:00 am of 30 May eight ceasefire violations were registered with no casualties on the Ukrainian side. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that four Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in the Donbass region on 29 May. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city reported five Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in four different locations using small arms, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles. Authorities from the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic recorded three Ukrainian violations of the truce within the republic's borders. Ukrainian forces attacked pro-Russian positions at Lozove and Donetskyi using automatic grenade launchers, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars.
By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 28, two Ukrainian servicemen were wounded. In the outskirts of Donetsk city, Opytne, Krasnohorivka, marinka and Novotroitske became the target of small arms fire, heavy machine gun fire and grenade launchers. In the region of Mariupol, separatist forces from Nikolaevka shelled Chermalyk with 120 mm mortars and 122 mm self-propelled guns. Pro-Russian troops engaged Ukrainian forces with small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers at Shyrokyne, Vodiane, Chermalyk and Hnutove. In the norhtern sector of the demarcation line, 122 mm self-propelled artillery from Sentianivka shelled Ukrainian positions at Novotoshkivke. The separatists also fired 120 mm mortars at Zaitseve and Novotoshkivke. Krymske and again Novotoshkivke were hit by 82 mm mortar rounds. Ukrainian troops at Yuzhne, Novozvanivka, Zaitseve, Krymske and Luhanske came under automatic fire. Pro-Russian officials reported several Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire throughout the day. There were incidents at Kruta Balka, Spartak and Krasnyi Partizan, in the environs of Donetsk city, Holmivsky and Zaitseve, in the area of Horlivka, and in the region of Mariupol, Dzerzhinske and Bela Kamianka. Holmivsky was hit by 120 mm mortar fire and 82 mm mortar rounds landed in Spartak. BMP-2 armoured fighting vehicles from Novohryhorivka riddled pro-Russian positions at Bela Kamianka. Ukrainian forces fired 73  antitank recoilless rifles and automatic grenade launchers at Zaitseve. A 110 kV high-voltage transmission line was damaged by heavy shelling at Krasny Partizan, while sniper fire hampered the work at Donetsk water purification plant near Yasynuvata. Two civilian residences were hit by shelling at Zaitseve. In the self-styled Luhansk People's Republic, local authorities told the press that the Ukrainian military shelled Zholobok and Kalynivka with 82 mm and 120 mm mortars.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the morning, pro-Russian troops had opened fire on 28 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 17 occasions in Donetsk and on 11 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 16 occasions. By morning of 31 May five ceasefire violations were registered with no casualties on the Ukrainian side; the fire was returned twice. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that two Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in the Donbass region on 30 May. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city reported nine Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in seven different locations using small arms, snipers, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. Sources from the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic recorded five Ukrainian violations of the truce within the republic's borders. Ukrainian forces engaged pro-Russian positions at Kalynyvka, Donetskyi, Prishib and Zholobok using small arms, antitank grenade launchers, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles.
By the end of the day total 26 ceasefire violations were registered, as a result, three Ukrainian servicemen were wounded. Pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles attacked Ukrainian positions at Kamianka, in the area around Donetsk city, supported by small arms and heavy machine gun fire. The rebels used infantry weapons to harass Ukrainian troops at nearby Marinka, Pisky and Krasnohorivka. Sniper fire was reported at Pisky. In the region of Mariupol, 122  self-propelled guns shelled Chermalik and Marinka, while Pavlopil, Chermalik and Vodiane came under 82 mm and 120 mm mortar fire. Small arms and heavy machine gun fire was reported at Chermalyk, Kamianka, Vodiane, Lebedinske, Novoselivka, Hnutove and Shyrokyne. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, rebel forces shelled Novotoshkivke with ZU-23-2 antiaircraft guns and 120 mm mortars. Infantry weapons and rocket launchers were used to attack Ukrainian positions at Katerinivka, Luhanske, Yuzhne, Krymske, Novotoshkivke and Novozvanivka. Two Ukrainian servicemen died in a hospital of wounds they had suffered earlier this month. Pro-Russian authorities told the press that Ukrainian forces had broken the ceasefire on several occasions by evening. Kruta Balka and Mineralne, in the outskirts of Donetsk city, Zaitseve, Dolomitne and Shyroka Balka, in the area of Horlivka, and in the region of Mariupol, Verkhnyoshirokivske and Pikuzy, came under hostile fire. In the main incidents, Pikuzy was struck by 120 mm mortar volleys, while 82 mm mortar rounds landed in Shyroka Balka. BMP-1 armoured fighting vehicles from Kamianka engaged pro-Russian positions at Kruta Balka, while Bela Kamianka was attacked by BMP-2 armoured vehicles from Starohnativka. Zaitseve was shelled with automatic grenade launchers and 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles. The same sources claimed that an OSCE motorcade came under small arms fire from a Ukrainian positions on its route to monitor the situation at Donetsk's water purification plant near Yasynuvata. Pro-Russian officials also alleged that a group of 16 Ukrainian marines from Talakivka attempting to break through the demarcation line at Pikuzy were driven back by separatist forces, which claimed that the intruders step on a minefield and were met by heavy fire. According to them, two Ukrainian serviceman were killed and other six wounded. The remaining marines managed to get away supported by 73  antitank recoilless rifles and mortar fire.

Timeline of the war in Donbass (June 2018)
This is a timeline of the War in Donbass, from 1 June 2018. The timeline follows an ongoing conflict between Ukraine and anti-government pro-Russian separatists supported by Russian troops in the Donbass region in eastern Ukraine.
The press-centre of the JFO headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 26 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 19 occasions in Donetsk region and on 7 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on about 10 occasions. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that three Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in the Donbass region on the last day of May. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city reported 15 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in nine different locations using small arms, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. The same authorities recorded 66 Ukrainian violations of the truce over the past week. The Ukrainian army fired five rounds from 122 self-propelled artillery, 313 from armoured fighting vehicles and 139 from 82 mm and 120 mm mortars on the same period. According to local sources, the Ukrainian military broke the ceasefire five times within the borders of the self-styled Luhansk People's Republic. The Ukrainian military employed small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles to engage pro-Russian positions at Kalynove, Veselehorivka, Pankivka and Lozove.
By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 33, as a result, one Ukrainian serviceman was wounded. In the environs of Donetsk city, Ukrainian forces at Marinka, Berezove, Butivka mining complex and Krasnohorivka were attacked with small arms fire and antitank rockets. Ukrainian troops at Slavne were harassed with sniper fire. In the region of Mariupol, Chermalyk was hit by 122  artillery barrages, while 82  mortar volleys landed in Pavlopil. Rebel forces fired infantry weapons and grenade launchers at Ukrainian positions near Pishchevik, Marinka, Vodiane, Krasnohorivka, Hnutove, Pavlopil, Talakivka and Shyrokyne. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles engaged Ukrainian redoubts at Krymske. Novotoshkivke was shelled with 82  mortars. Troitske, Luhanske, Krymske and Zolote became the target of small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers. The OSCE Special Monitoring Mission to Ukraine reported that 10 civilians were killed and 25 injured in the Donbass region in May. Pro-Russian officials reported a number of Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire throughout the day. In the main incidents, Ukrainian shelling prevented for the third consecutive day the work at Donetsk's water purification plant near Yasynuvata, while troops at Kruta Balka were harassed by small arms and heavy machine gun fire. BMP-2 armoured fighting vehicles from Starohnativka riddled pro-Russian redoubts at Bela Kamianka with 30  gunfire.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the morning pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 33 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 26 occasions in Donetsk region and on 7 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 20 occasions. By 11:00 am of 2 June nine ceasefire violations were registered, two Ukrainian soldiers were wounded. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that one Ukrainian serviceman was wounded in the Donbass region on the first day of June. Pro-Russian officials in Donetsk city recorded three Ukrainian violations of the truce. The Ukrainian military used small arms, heavy machine guns, 82  mortars and BMP-2 armoured vehicles to attack pro-Russian positions at Kruta Balka, Zaitseve and Bela Kamianka. No violations of the truce were reported by the self-styled Luhansk People's Republic.
According to the information provided by the JFO press-centre in the evening, as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian forces had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on multiple occasions, three Ukrainian servicemen were wounded. In the outskirts of Donetsk city, Opytne became the target of antitank rockets and antitank guided missiles. Ukrainian troops at Marinka, Taramchuk and Krasnohorivka were fired at from rocket launchers. Sniper activity was reported at Marinka and Avdiivka. In the region of Mariupol, Lebedinske, Vodiane and Chermalik came under 82 mm and 120 mm mortar fire, while rocket propelled grenades landed in Chermalyk, Vodiane, Hnutove, Lebedinske, Pavlopil and Shyrokyne. Ukrainian troops at Pavlopil were harassed by hostile snipers. In the northern section of the demarcation line, heavy shelling was reported around Krymske and Luhanske, which were shelled with rocket launchers, 82 mm mortars and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. Ukrainian positions in the area were also engaged by pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles. Yuzhne, Zaitseve and Novotoskivke were struck by small arms fire, heavy machine gun fire and 82 mm mortar volleys. By the end of the day total 28 ceasefire violations were registered. Pro-Russian authorities told the press that Ukrainian forces had broken the ceasefire on several occasions by evening. Yasynuvata, Dokuchaievsk, Yakovliivka and Vasiilivka, in the environs of Donetsk city, Gagarin mining complex, Zaitseve, Shyroka Balka and Holmivsky, in the area of Horlivka, and in the region of Mariupol, Bela Kamianka, Nikolaevka and Uzhivka came under attack. In the main incidents, 120 mm mortar rounds landed in Yasynuvata, Dokuchaievsk, Yakovliivka, Zaitseve, Holmivsky and Nikolaevka. Zaitseve and Uzhivka were also hit by 82 mm mortar fire. BMP-2 armoured fighting vehicles from Novotroitske and Starohnativka riddled pro-Russian positions at Dokuchaievsk and Bela Kamianka with 30  gunfire. Zaitseve, Gagarin mining complex and Shyroka Balka were targeted by 73  antitank recoilless rifles.
The press-centre of the JFO headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 28 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 23 occasions in Donetsk region and on 5 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 12 occasions. By morning of 3 June four ceasefire violations were registered with no casualties on the Ukrainian side; the fire was returned twice. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that three Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in the Donbass region on 2 June. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city reported 20 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in ten different locations using small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. Sources from the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic recorded four Ukrainian violations of the truce within the republic's borders. Ukrainian forces engaged pro-Russian positions at Kalynynove, Sokolniki, Donetskyi and Zholobok using small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles.
By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 27, with no casualties on the Ukrainian side. In the area around Donetsk city, Novotroitske and Avdiivka came under 120 mm and 82 mm mortar fire respectively. Infantry weapons and grenade launchers were fired at Marinka, Krasnohorivka, Taramchuk, Avdiivka and Novotroitske. In the region of Mariupol, 122 mm self-propelled artillery and 82  mortars shelled Hnutove. Pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles opened fire on Ukrainian positions at Vodiane, while 120 mm mortar volleys struck Lebedinske. Ukrainian troops at Shyrokyne, Vodiane, Novotroitske, Avdiivka, Hnutovo, Nikolaevka, Pavlopil and Lebedinske became the target of small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, rebel forces opened fire on Ukrainian positions at Zolote, Zaitseve, Krymske, Yuzhne and Novoluhanske. Later, Zaitseve was hit by 82 mm mortar rounds. Pro-Russian authorities recorded multiple ceasefire violations by Ukrainian forces throughout the day. The Ukrainian military attacked Dokuchaievsk, Spartak and Trudivske, in the surroundings of Donetsk city, Zaitseve, in the area of Horlivka, and in the region of Mariupol, Nova Tavriya, Uzhivka, Pikuzy, Dzerzhinske, Sakhanka and Bezimenne. In the main incidents, Dokuchaievsk was repeatedly shelled with 73 mm antitank rifles and 120 mm mortars; power lines, gas pipelines and a number of houses were heavily damaged. Pro-Russian redoubts at Pikuzy were engaged by 122 mm self-propelled guns firing from Talakivka. Pikuzy was also targeted by 82 mm and 120 mm mortars; 120 mm mortar rounds also landed in Nova Tavriya. Zaitseve, Spartak, Sakhanka and Bezimenne came under 82  mortar fire. The same sources also reported that Ukrainian troops planted antitank mines along the approaches of Donetsk's water purification plant.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the morning pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 27 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 21 occasions in Donetsk region and on 6 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 13 occasions. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence reported at noon no casualties in the Donbass region on 3 June. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city reported 16 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in ten different locations using small arms, snipers, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. One pro-Russian soldier was killed. According to local sources, the Ukrainian military broke the ceasefire seven times within the boundaries of the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic. The Ukrainian forces engaged pro-Russian positions at Lozove, Kalynove, Prishib and Kalynivka employing heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars and 120 mm mortars.
The press-centre of the Joint Forces Operation (JFO) reported in the evening that as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian troops had opened fire on Ukrainian troops on 10 occasions, no casualties were reported. By the end of the day total 30 ceasefire violations were registered with no casualties on the Ukrainian side. In the surroundings of Donetsk city, pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles launched an attack on Ukrainian positions at Avdiivka. Ukrainian forces near Avdiivka and Pisky were fired at from ZU-23-2 antiaircraft guns some hours later. Novotroitske was shelled with 82 mm and 120 mm mortars. Ukrainian troops at Nevelske, Marinka and Krasnohorivka were attacked with small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers. In the region of Mariupol, rebel forces used infantry weapons and grenade launchers to harass Ukrainian troops at Pavlopil, Lebedinske and Vodiane. In the northern section of the demarcation line, 122 mm self-propelled gund fired on Ukrainian redoubts at Novotoshkivke; the same positions were hit by 82 mm and 120 mm mortar rounds. Zaitseve and Krymske received 82 mm mortar fire. In addition, Ukrainian positions at Lozove, Krymske and Luhanske were hit by small arms fire, heavy machine gun fire and antitank rockets. Hours later, Krymske came under attack from armoured fighting vehicles supported by small arms, rocket launchers, 82 mm and 120  mortars. Pro-Russian authorities told the press that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire on several occasions throughout the day. The Ukrainian army attacked pro-Russian positions around Yasynuvata, Trudivske, Dokuchaievsk, Spartak and Zhabicheve, in the outskirts of Donetsk city, Zaitseve, Ozeryanivka, Dolomitne and Gagarin mining complex, in the area of Horlivka and Novomakiivka, in the region of Mariupol. In the main incidents, Zaitseve was repeatedly targeted by small arms, automatic grenade launchers, antitank rockets and 120 mm mortars. Spartak and Zhabicheve were hit by 82 mm mortar rounds, while BMP-2 armoured vehicles from Hranitne and Novotroitske engaged pro-Russian redoubts at Novomakiivka and Dokuchaievsk.
The press-centre of the JFO headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 30 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 19 occasions in Donetsk region and on 11 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 17 occasions. By 11:00 am of 5 June eleven ceasefire violations were registered and one Orlan-10 drone was shot down. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence reported at noon no casualties in the Donbass region on 4 June. Pro-Russian sources at Donetsk city reported 16 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in ten different locations using small arms, heavy machine guns, snipers, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. According to local officials, Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire on four occasions within the boundaries of the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic. The Ukrainian military employed small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenades launchers, antitank rocket launchers, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles to pound pro-Russian redoubts at Zholobok, Donetskyi, and Kalynivka.
According to the information provided by the JFO press-centre in the evening, as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian forces had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on 17 occasions, two Ukrainian servicemen were wounded; by the end of the day total 31 ceasefire violations were registered, one more Ukrainain soldier was wounded. In the outskirts of Donetsk city, pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles opened fire on Ukrainian positions supported by 82  mortar fire; 82  mortar volleys also landed in Novotroitske. Infantry weapons and rocket launchers were used to harass Ukrainiian troops at Krasnohorivka, Avdiivka, Pisky, Berezove, Verkhnyotoretske and Marinka. In the region of Mariupol, Ukrainian forces at Talakivka, Pavlopil, Vodiane, Shyrokyne, Pyshchevik and Hnutove became the target of small arms, heavy machine guns and grenade launchers. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles engaged Ukrainian redoubts around Krymske supported by heavy machine guns, grenade launchers, 82 mm and 120 mm mortar fire. Novotoshkivke became the target of 82 mm and 120 mm mortars, while Luhanske, Stanytsia Luhanska and Orekhove were struck by small arms fire, heavy machine gun fire and antitank rockets. Sources from the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic reported multiple ceasefire violations by Ukrainian forces throughout the day. Dokuchaievsk, Spartak and Donetsk airport, in the surroundings of Donetsk city, and in the area of Horlivka, Zaitseve and Shyroka Balka, came under attack. Dokuchaievsk was shelled with 120 mm mortars, while Spartak and Donetsk airport came under 82 mm mortar fire. BMP-1 armoured vehicles from Novhorodske launched an attack on pro-Russian positions at Shyroka Balka. BMP-2 armoured vehicles from Novotroitske raked pro-Russian redoubts at Dokuchaievsk with 30 mm gunfire. Donetsk airport was targeted by 73 mm antitank recoilless guns.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the morning pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 31 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 21 occasions in Donetsk region and on 10 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 16 occasions. By 9:00 am of 6 June three ceasefire violations were registered. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that three Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in the Donbass region on 5 June. Pro-Russian sources at Donetsk city said that there were seven Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in five different locations using small arms, antitank rocket launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. Sources from the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic recorded four Ukrainian violations of the truce within the republic's borders. Ukrainian forces engaged pro-Russian positions at Kalynynivka, Sokolniki and Zholobok using small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles.
The press-centre of the Joint Forces Operation (JFO) reported in the evening that as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian troops had opened fire on Ukrainian troops on 7 occasions, no casualties were reported. Ukrainian forces fired back. By the end of the day total 25 ceasefire violations were registered, as a result, two Ukrainian servicemen were killed and two were wounded. In the environs of Donetsk city, 82 mm and 120 mm mortar volleys hit Opytne. Pro-Russian armed forces harassed Ukrainian troops with small arms and machine gun fire at Marinka, Nevelske and Avdiivka. In the region of Mariupol, Ukrainian positions at Shyrokyne, Pyshchevik, Hnutove, Pavlopil and Vodiane became the target of infantry weapons. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles engaged Ukrainian redoubts at Krymske, Novozvanivka and Luhanske, supported by small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers. Some hours later, 82 mm and 120 mm mortar volleys landed in Novotoshkivke, while 82 mm mortars were fired at Krymske. Pro-Russian authorities told the press that Ukrainian forces had attacked Yasynuvata with small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers and 82  mortars during the evening. Donetsk's water purification plant was put out of commission. Several power lines were damaged. Zaitseve became the target of small arms and 73 mm antitank recoilless guns.
The press-centre of the JFO headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 25 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 21 occasions in Donetsk and on 4 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 15 occasions. By 9:00 am of 7 June seven ceasefire violations were registered, with no casualties on the Ukrainian side. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that two Ukrainian servicemen were killed in action and another two were wounded in the Donbass region on 6 June. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city reported three Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in two locations using small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles and 82 mm mortars. Authorities from the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic recorded five Ukrainian violations of the truce within the republic's borders. Ukrainian forces engaged pro-Russian positions at Pankivka, Kalynove, Lozove, Donetskyi and Molodezhne using small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles.
According to the information provided by the JFO press-centre in the evening, as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian forces had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on 17 occasions, two Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in action. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 37, another two Ukrainian servicemen were wounded. in the outskirts of Donetsk city, Ukrainian forces at Opytne were engaged by snipers and armoured fighting vehicles. The separatists fired heavy machine guns and rocket propelled grenades at Marinka, Nevelske, Avdiivka, Pisky, Novotroitske, Novoselivka and Kamianka. In the region of Mariupol, heavy shelling was reported at Vodiane, which became the target of 120 mm mortars and 122  self-propelled guns. Lebedinske came under 82 mm and 120 mm mortar fire. Ukrainian troops at Shyrokyne, Hnutove, Vodiane and Pavlopil were fired at from heavy machine guns and rocket launchers. Pro-Russian tanks launched a sustained attack on Ukrainian redoubts Novotoshkivke, in the northern section of the demarcation line, supported by heavy machine guns, rocket launchers, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured fighting vehicles and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. The nearby strongholds of Zaitseve and Krymske were shelled with 82  mortars. Ukrainian positions at Krymske, Novozvanivka, Luhanske, Lozove and Troitske came under fire from small arms, heavy machine guns and armoured fighting vehicles. Pro-Russian sources reported a number of Ukrainian violations of the truce by evening. Ukrainian forces opened fire at Zaitseve, in the area of Horlivka, and, in the region of Mariupol, at Sakhanka and Pikuzy. Pro-Russian positions at Zaitseve were targeted by 73  antitank recoilless guns for the second consecutive day. The area was also hit by automatically launched grenades and antitank rockets. Sakhanka was meanwhile attacked with antitank guided missiles, and Pikuzy was struck by 120 mm mortar rounds fired from Shyrokyne. In the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic, mortar rounds landed in a street of Holubovske, hitting a bus and seriously injuring six civilian residents.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the morning pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 37 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 23 occasions in Donetsk region and on 14 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on about 20 occasions. By 9:00 am of 8 June seven ceasefire violations were registered, as a result, two Ukrainian soldiers were wounded. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that four Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in the Donbass region on 7 June. Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city reported four Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in four locations using small arms, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and antitank guided missiles. The same sources said that Ukrainian forces broke the truce 68 times over the past week. The Ukrainian army fired seven shells from 122 mm self-propelled artillery, 26 from 82 mm and 120 mm mortars and 203 rounds from armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. Officials from the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic recorded five Ukrainian violations of the truce within the republic's borders. Ukrainian forces engaged pro-Russian positions at Kalynove, Holubovske, Donetskyi and Zholobok using small arms, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles.
According to the information provided by the JFO press-centre in the evening, as of 5:00 pm pro-Russian military forces had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on 17 occasions. By the end of the day total 38 ceasefire violations were registered, as a result, six Ukrainian servicemen were wounded. Around Donetsk city, pro-Russian forces opened fire on Ukrainian positions at Krasnohorivka and Marinka with small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers. Sniper fire was reported at Krasnohorivka. In the region of Mariupol, 120 mm mortar rounds hit Vodiane and Shyrokyne. The separatists used infantry weapons and grenade launchers to attack Ukrainian positions at Pavlopil, Marinka and Hnutove. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles engaged Ukrainian forces at Krymske and Novotoshkivke, supported by small arms, heavy machine guns, rocket launchers, 82 mm and 120 mm mortars. Infantry weapons, grenade launchers, 82 mm and 120 mm mortars were also fired at Zalizne, Katerinivka, Luhanske and Zaitseve. Multiple Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire were reported by pro-Russian sources throughout the day. Yasynuvata and Mineralne, in the outskirts of Donetsk city, Zaitseve and Gagarin mining complex, in the area of Horlivka, and Sakhanka, in the region of Mariupol, came under attack. In the main incidents, Sakhanka was hit by 82 mm and 120 mm mortar rounds, while 82 mm mortar volleys landed in Mineralne, Zaitseve and Gagarin mining complex. Pro-Russian positions at Yasynuvata were hit by 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles. Two civilian residents were wounded.
The press-centre of the JFO headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 38 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 24 occasions in Donetsk and on 14 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 17 occasions. By morning of 9 June six ceasefire violations were registered with no casualties on the Ukrainian side; the fire was returned on 4 occasions. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that six Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in the Donbass region on 8 June. Pro-Russian sources at Donetsk city reported eight Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in six locations using small arms, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars and 120 mm mortars. In the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic, local officials reported three Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire. The Ukrainian military used small arms, rocket launchers, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles to pound pro-Russian positions at Krasnyi Yar and Donetskyi.
The press-centre of the Joint Forces Operation (JFO) reported in the evening that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on 10 occasions, one Ukrainian serviceman was wounded. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 30, another Ukrainian serviceman was wounded. In the area of Donetsk city, Novoselivka was shelled with 120 mm mortars, while Opytne and Pisky were hit by 82 mm mortar volleys. Marinka and Novotroitske was hit by heavy machine gun fire and rocket propelled grenades. In the region of Mariupol, pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles opened fire on Ukrainian positions at Pyshchevik, while infantry weapons and grenade launchers were used to harass Ukrainian troops at Pavlopil, Hnutove, Vodiane and Lebedinske. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, Novotoshkivke was shelled with 120 mm mortars. Ukrainian positions at Krymske, Novozvanivka, Luhanske, Svitlodarsk and Zolote were fired at from small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers. Pro-Russian authorities told the press that Ukrainian forces had broken the ceasefire several times by evening. The Ukrainian military attacked Yakovliivka, Dokuchaievsk, Vasiilivka and Yasynuvata, in the surroundings of Donetsk city, and Zaitseve, in the area of Horlivka. In the main incidents, Zaitseve, Yakovliivka and Yasynuvata became the target of 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles and 82 mm mortars. Sniper fire was reported at Vasiilivka, where a civilian woman was wounded.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the morning pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 30 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 22 occasions in Donetsk region and on 8 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 20 occasions. By morning of 10 June (as of 9:00 am) five ceasefire violations were registered; the fire was returned at least once. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that two Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in the Donbass region on 9 June. Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city reported six Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in six locations using small arms, heavy machine guns, snipers, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm and 120 mm mortars. According to local officials, Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire on two occasions within the boundaries of the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic. The Ukrainian military employed small arms, heavy machine guns, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles and BMP-1 armoured vehicles to attack pro-Russian positions at Kalynove and Lozove.
The press-centre of the JFO reported in the evening that as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian forces had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on 7 occasions, no casualties were reported. By the end of the day total 32 ceasefire violations were registered, as a result, three Ukrainian servicemen were wounded. In the surroundings of Donetsk city, 82 mm mortar rounds hit Opytne. Ukrainian forces at Avdiivka, Krasnohorivka, Marinka, Verkhnyotoretske and Novotroitske became the target of heavy machine guns and grenade launchers. In the region of Mariupol, Lebedinske and Vodiane were struck by 82 mm and 120 mm mortar barrages. Pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles attacked Pavlopil supported by 120 mm mortar fire. The separatists fired heavy machine guns and rocket launchers at Ukrainian positions around Hnutove, Talakivka, Shyrokyne and Pavlopil. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, heavy shlling was reported at Novotoshkivke, which was pounded by 120 mm mortars and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. Ukrainian positions at Luhanske, Orekhove, Mayorsk and Zaitseve were attacked with infantry weapons and rocket launchers. Pro-Russian officials reported a number of Ukrainian violations of the truce by evening. Trudivske and Dokuchaievsk, in the outskirts of Donetsk city, and, in the area of Horlivka, Verkhnyotoretske and Gagarin mining complex came under hostile fire. In the main incidents, BMP-1 armoured vehicles from Marinka launched an attack on Trudivske supported by 82 mm and 120 mm mortar fire; several civilian residences were damaged. Gagarin mining complex, meanwhile, became the target of automatic grenade launchers, ZU-23-2 antiaircraft guns, 82 mm and 120 mm mortars. Dokuchaievsk and Verkhnyotoretske were fired at from 73 mm antitank recoilless guns. Pro-Russian troops recovered and handed back the corpses of two Ukrainian fighters killed in no-man's land on 28 May near Pisky. Work at Donetsk water purification plant resumed work as usual after three days of inactivity. The facilities had been left without power after heavy shelling on 7 May.
The press-centre of the JFO headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 32 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 23 occasions in Donetsk and on 9 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 20 occasions. By morning of 11 June three ceasefire violations were registered with no casualties on the Ukrainian side (as of 7:00 am). The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that three Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in the Donbass region on 10 June. Pro-Russian sources at Donetsk city reported four Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in four locations using small arms, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, antiaircraft guns and BMP-1 armoured vehicles. Authorities from the self-styled Luhansk People's Republic said that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire on one occasion within the republic's borders, when 73  antitank recoilless guns from Prichepilivka were fired at Zholobok.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the evening as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian forces had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on 10 occasions, one Ukrainian serviceman was wounded in action. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 27, another two Ukrainian servicemen were wounded. In the environs of Donetsk city, 82 mm and 120 mm mortars were fired at Ukrainian positions around Kamianka, Novotroitske and Pisky. Separatist troops fired infantry weapons and rocket launchers at Ukrainian forces holding Avdiivka, Kamianka and Marinka. In the region of Mariupol, 122 mm artillery barrages struck Shyrokyne, and 82 mm mortar volleys landed in Vodiane and Lomakine. Hours later, Hnutove, Vodiane and Lomakine came under attack from armoured fighting vehicles. Infantry weapons and grenade lanchers were used to harass Ukrainian troops at Pavlopil and Hnutove. In the northern section of the demarcation line, 122 mm self-propelled guns shelled Novotoshkivke; the Ukrainian stronghold was also hit by 120 mm mortar rounds, as well as Svitlodarsk. Nearby Troitske became the target of 82  mortars. Pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles, supported by small arms and heavy machine guns, opened fire on Novozvanivka, Svitlodarsk and Popasna. Pro-Russian officials told the press that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire on a number of occasions throughout the day. Spartak, Volvo Center and Dokuchaievsk, in the outskirts of Donetsk city, and Uzhivka, in the region of Mariupol, were the scene of Ukrainian attacks. In the main incidents, Spartak and Volvo Center were hit by 120 mm mortar fire; two civilian workers were seriously injured. BMP-2 armoured vehicles from Novotroitske raked pro-Russian positions at Dokuchaievsk with 30 mm gunfire.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the morning pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 27 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 18 occasions in Donetsk region and on 9 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 14 occasions. By morning of 12 June (as of 9:00 am) six ceasefire violations were registered, as a result, two Ukrainian servicemen were injured. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that three Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in the Donbass region on 11 June. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city reported six Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in six different locations using small arms, snipers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. one pro-Russian soldier was killed in action. According to local sources, Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire four times within the boundaries of the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic. The Ukrainian military employed small arms, rocket launchers, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles and 82 mm mortars to attack pro-Russian redoubts at Kalynove, Kalynove-Borshchevate and Lozove.
The press-centre of the Joint Forces Operation (JFO) reported in the evening that as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian troops had opened fire on Ukrainian troops on 11 occasions, By the end of the day total 32 ceasefire violations were registered, In the surroundings of Donetsk city, Novotroitske was hit by 120 mm mortar volleys. Pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles opened fire on Ukrainian positions at Marinka supported by infantry weapons. Ukrainian forces at Avdiivka, Opytne and Novotroitske, were harassed with small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers. In the region of Mariupol, 120 mm mortar barrages hit Vodiane, while Hnutove came under 82 mm mortar fire. Lomakine, Hnutove, Shyrokyne, Pavlopil, Verkhnyotoretske, Lebedinske and Talakivka were fired at by small arms, heavy machine guns and grenade launchers. In the northern section of the demarcation line, 120 mm mortar barrages struck Novotoshkivke, and 82 mm mortar rounds landed in Krymske and Luhanske. Small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket propelled grenades were fired at Troitske, Zaitseve, Zolote and Stanytsia Luhanska. One Ukrainian serviceman was killed by a sniper bullet at Novhorodske. The Ukrainian military claimed that one pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicle was destroyed, and five pro-Russian fighters killed. Another four were reported wounded. A number of Ukrainian attacks on pro-Russian positions were recorded by pro-Russian authorities at evening. Dokuchaievsk, in the southern outskirts of Donetsk city, Ozeryanivka and Verkhnyotoretske, in the area of Horlivka, and Uzhivka, in the region of Mariupol, came under hostile fire. In the main incidents, Uzhivka was shelled with 120 mm mortars while Verkhnyotoretske became the target of 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles.
The press-centre of the JFO headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 32 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 21 occasions in Donetsk and on 11 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 20 occasions. By 9:00 am of 13 June eight ceasefire violations were registered, two Ukrainian servicemen were wounded. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that one Ukrainian soldier was killed and two others were injured in the Donbass region on 12 June. Pro-Russian sources at Donetsk city reported nine Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in eight different locations using small arms, snipers, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 120 mm mortars and 122 mm self-propelled guns. One pro-Russian soldier was killed and two civilians were wounded. According to local authorities, Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire four times within the boundaries of the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic. The Ukrainian military employed small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles to engage pro-Russian redoubts at Kalynove, Sokolniki, Lohvynove and Donetskyi.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the evening as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian forces had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on 14 occasions. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 33, total four Ukrainian servicemen were wounded. In the outskirts of Donetsk city, 82 mm mortar volleys fired from Spartak struck Avdiivka, while infantry weapons and rocket launchers were used to harass Ukrainian positions at Verkhnyotoretske and Marinka. Sniper fire was reported at Krasnohorivka. Hours later, Novotroitske was shelled with 120 mm mortars firing from Dokuchaievsk. In the region of Mariupol, Ukrainian redoubts at Vodiane were engaged by 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured fighting vehicles and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. Talakivka was shelled with 120 mm mortars. Ukrainian troops at Hnutove, Pavlopil, Shyrokyne and Lebedinske became the target of small arms, heavy machine guns and grenade launchers. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, 122 mm self-propelled guns firing from Holubovske pounded Ukrainian positions at Novotoshkivke. Novozvanivka was meanwhile struck by 120 mm mortar fire, and 82 mm mortar rounds landed in Novooleksandrivka and Novotoshkivke. Pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles engaged Ukrainian forces at Yuzhne, Hladosove, Zolote, Zaitseve and Luhanske, supported by infantry weapons. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city told the press that Ukrainian forces had broken the ceasefire on multiple occasions by evening. Spartak, in the surroundings of Donetsk city, Zaitseve, in the area of Horlivka, and in the region of Mariupol, Pikuzy and Uzhivka, came under hostile fire. In the main incidents, Ukrainian tanks from Talakivka launched an attack on pro-Russian redoubts at Pikuzy; the same area was shelled by 122 mm self-propelled artillery. Uzhivka was hit by 120 mm mortar volleys. BMP-2 armoured vehicles from Avdiivka and Starohnativka opened fire on pro-Russian positions at Spartak and Novolaspa. Zaitseve became the target of 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the morning pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 33 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 21 occasions in Donetsk region and on 12 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 21 occasions. By morning of 14 June several ceasefire violations were registered with no casualties on the Ukrainian side. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that four Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in the Donbass region on 13 June. Pro-Russian sources at Donetsk city reported seven Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in five different locations using small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers, armoured fighting vehicles and tanks. Officials from the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic recorded five Ukrainian violations of the truce within the republic's borders. Ukrainian forces engaged pro-Russian positions at Kalynove, Kalynivka and Donetskyi using heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles.
The press-centre of the JFO reported in the evening that as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian military had opened fire on Ukrainian troops on 10 occasions, with no casualties on the Ukrainian side. By the end of the day total 33 ceasefire violations were registered, as a result, two Ukrainian servicemen were killed and six were wounded. In the environs of Donetsk city, Avdiivka and Opytne came under 82  mortar fire; nearby Krasnohorivka became the target of small arms, heavy machine guns and grenade launchers. In the region of Mariupol, heavy shelling was reported at Bohdanivka and Lebedinske, which were shelled with 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. Vodiane was also hit by 120 mm mortars and 122 mm artillery. Ukrainian forces at Pavlopil were engaged by armoured fighting vehicles supported by small arms fire. Talakivka, Hnutove and Shyrokyne were struck by small arms fire, heavy machine gun fire and rocket propelled grenades. In the northern section of the demarcation line, 82 mm and 120 mm mortar volleys and 122 mm artillery barrages hit Novotoshkivke. Pro-Russian tanks from Holubovske launched a sustained attack on Ukrainian redoubts at the same area. Luhanske, Troitske, Orekhove and Yuzhne were also the target of 82 mm and 120  mm mortars. Multiple ceasefire violations by Ukrainian forces were reported by pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city. The Ukrainian military attacked Dokuchaievsk, in the outskirts of Donetsk city, Gagarin mining complex and Zaitseve, in the area of Horlivka, and in the region of Mariupol, Sakhanka, Uzhivka, Petrovske, Styla and Pikuzy. In the main incidents, 120 mm mortar barrages hit Uzhivka, Petrovske and Sakhanka. Pikuzy and Sakhanka were also shelled with 82 mm mortars. Ukrainian tanks from Bohdanivka engaged pro-Russian redoubts at Styla, while BMP-2 armoured vehicles from Novotroitske riddled pro-Russian defences at Dokuchaievsk with 30 mm gunfire. BMP-1 armoured vehicles shelled Gagarin coal mine supported by automatic grenade launchers. Heavy shelling was reported at Kirovsk, within the boundaries of the self-styled Luhansk People's Republic.
The press-centre of the JFO headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 33 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 26 occasions in Donetsk and on 7 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 16 occasions. By morning of 15 June ten ceasefire violations were registered. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that two Ukrainian servicemen were killed and another six were wounded in the Donbass region on 14 June. Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city recorded 12 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in seven different locations using small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers, armoured fighting vehicles, tanks and 152 mm self-propelled artillery. One civilian resident was wounded. The same report says that Ukrainian forces committed 52 ceasefire violations over the past week. They fired eleven shells from 152 mm and 122 mm self-propelled artillery, 200 shells from 120 mm and 82 mm mortars, nine tank rounds and 183 shots from armoured fighting vehicles and armoured personnel carriers on the same period. Two pro-Russian soldiers were killed and another wounded. According to local sources, the Ukrainian military broke the ceasefire four times within the borders of the self-styled Luhansk People's Republic. The Ukrainian forces attacked pro-Russian positions at Kalynove, Kalynivka and Donetskyi using heavy machine guns, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the evening as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian forces had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on 15 occasions, no casualties were reported. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 36, one Ukrainian soldier was wounded. in the outskirts of Donetsk city, Ukrainian troops Avdiivka and Marinka became the target of small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers. In the region of Mariupol, Bohdanivka, Vodiane, Lebedinske and Talakivka were shelled with 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. Pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles opened fire on Ukrainian positions at Hnutove, while infantry weapons and grenade launchers were used to harass Ukrainian forces at Pavlopil, Shyrokyne, Talakivka, Vodiane, Lebedinske Hnutove and Chermalyk. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, armoured fighting vehicles engaged Ukrainian positions near Luhanske, while 82 mm mortar rounds landed in Novotoshkivke and Troitske. Separatist forces opened fire on Ukrainian positions at Svitlodarsk, Luhanske, Novhorodske, Zaitseve, Novotoshkivke and Troitske using small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers. Hours later,larmoured fighting vehicles launched attacks on Ukrainian positions at Zaitseve, Novotoshkivke and Zolote. Pro-Russian officials told the press that Ukrainian forces had broken the ceasefire on several occasions by evening. Dokuchaievsk and Kruta Balka, in the surroundings of Donetsk city, Zaitseve and Dolomitne in the area of Horlivka, and in the region of Mariupol, Sakhanka, Pikuzy and Nova Tavrya came under hostile fire. In the main incidents, Pikuzy and Nova Tavrya came under 120 mm mortar fire, while 82 mm mortars were employed to shell Dolomitne, Kruta Balka and Sakhanka. BMP-1 armoured vehicles from Vodiane and Novoluhanske engaged pro-Russian positions at Pikuzy and Dolomitne, while BMP-2 armoured vehicles from Novotroitske raked pro-Russian redoubts at Pikuzy with 30 mm gunfire. Two civilian residents were wounded.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the morning pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 36 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 24 occasions in Donetsk region and on 12 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 15 occasions. By morning of 16 June (as of 9:00 am) ten ceasefire violations were registered with no casualties on the Ukrainian side; the fire was returned on five occasions. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence reported at noon that one Ukrainian serviceman was wounded in the Donbass region on 15 June. Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city recorded nine Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in eight different locations using small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless guns, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, antiaircraft guns, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. According to local officials, Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire on three occasions within the boundaries of the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic. The Ukrainian military employed small arms, heavy machine guns, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles to attack pro-Russian positions at Kalynove and Lozove.
The press-centre of the Joint Forces Operation (JFO) reported in the evening that as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian troops had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on 13 occasions, no casualties were reported. By the end of the day total 27 ceasefire violations were registered, two Ukrainian servicemen were wounded. In the area of Donetsk city, separatist forces opened fire on Ukrainian troops at Marinka, Krasnohorivka, Avdiivka and Verkhnyotoretske with small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers. In the region of Mariupol, pro-Russian tanks from Sosnovske launched an attack on Ukrainian redoubts at Pavlopil supported by 82 mm and 120 mm mortar fire. Novohryhorivka was shelled by armoured fighting vehicles, while Ukrainian positions at Talakivka, Hnutove, Chermalyk, Shyrokyne, Vodiane, Lebedinske and Pyshchevik became the target of infantry weapons and rocket propelled grenades. In the northern section of the demarcation line, pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles opened fire on Zolote, while nearby Troitske came under 120 mm mortar fire. Novotoshkivke was hit by 82 mm mortar rounds. Zaitseve and Stanytsia Luhanska were fired at by small arms, heavy machine guns and grenade launchers. A number of Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire were reported by pro-Russian sources at Donetsk city throughout the day. Abakumove coal mine and Dokuchaievsk, in the surroundings of Donetsk city, and in the region of Mariupol, Bela Kamianka, Styla and Pikuzy came under fire. In the main incidents, Dokuchaievsk was hit by 82 mm mortar rounds, while BMP-1 armoured vehicles from Nikolaevka and Talakivka engaged pro-Russian forces at Styla and Pikuzy. BMP-2 armoured vehicles from Novohryhorivka riddled separatists positions at Bela Kamianka with 30 mm gunfire.
The press-centre of the JFO headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 27 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 19 occasions in Donetsk and on 7 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 9 occasions. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that two Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in the Donbass region on 16 June. Pro-Russian sources at Donetsk city reported seven Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in six different locations using small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. According to local officials, Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire three times within the boundaries of the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic. The Ukrainian military employed 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles to attack pro-Russian redoubts at Kalynove and Donetskyi.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the evening as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian forces had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops once, no casualties were reported. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 20, one Ukrainian serviceman was wounded at Krymske. In the outskirts of Donetsk city, Pisky came under 82 mm mortar fire, while Ukrainian positions at Avdiivka were hit by heavy machine gun fire and antitank rockets. In the region of Mariupol, heavy shelling was reported at Starohnativka, which was struck by 120 mm mortar barrages fired from Novolaspa. The separatists employed heavy machine guns and grenade launchers to harass Ukrainian troops at Pyshchevik, Shyrokyne, Hnutove, Vodiane and Lebedinske. In the northern section of the demarcation line, Krymske and Novotoshkivke became the target of 120 mm mortars firing from Zholobok. Some hours later, Krymske was also shelled from 82 mm mortars. Pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles engaged Ukrainian forces at Hladosove supported by small arms and heavy machine gun fire. In the self-styled Donetsk People's Republic, pro-Russian authorities told the press that Ukrainian forces had broken the ceasefire on two occasions by evening, one around Donetsk city and another in the region of Mariupol. BMP-1 armoured vehicles engaged pro-Russian positions at Dokuchaievsk from Mykolaevka, while BMP-2 armoured vehicles from Starohnativka opened fire at Novolaspa.
The Press Center of the Ministry of Defense reported that three Ukrainian soldiers were killed and another twenty-five were wounded in action during the 24th week (11–18 June) of 2018.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the morning pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 20 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 16 occasions in Donetsk region and on 4 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 9 occasions. By morning of 18 June two ceasefire violations were registered. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that one Ukrainian serviceman was wounded in the Donbass region on 17 June. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city reported three Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in three locations using small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. In the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic, local officials reported three Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire. The Ukrainian military used heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 120 mm mortars and 152 mm self-propelled artillery to pound pro-Russian positions at Donetskyi, Zholobok and Lohvynove. A civilian residence and a farm were destroyed at Zholobok. One female civilian was wounded.
The press-centre of the Joint Forces Operation reported in the evening that as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian troops had opened fire on Ukrainian troops on 4 occasions, no casualties were reported. By the end of the day total 28 ceasefire violations were registered, as a result, two Ukrainian servicemen were wounded. In the surroundings of Donetsk city, 82 mm mortar rounds hit Verkhnyotoretske. The separatists fired small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers at Ukrainian troops near Avdiivka, Marinka, Opytne and Kamianka. Sniper fire was reported at Krasnohorivka. In the region of Mariupol, Lebedinske and Starohnativka were shelled with 120 mm mortars; Chermalyk was meanwhile hit by 82 mm mortar rounds. Hnutove, Vodiane, Shyrokyne and Chermalyk became the target of infantry weapons and grenade launchers. In the northern section of the demarcation line, Troitske was hit by 120 mm mortar rounds, while 82 mm mortars were fired at Novotoshkivke. Separatist forces fired small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers at Yuzhne, Hladosove, Zaitseve and Luhanske. Pro-Russian sources at Donetsk city reported by evening that Ukrainian forces had attacked Zaitseve, north of Horlivka, with small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers. It was later disclosed that Novolaspa, in the region of Mariupol, was hit by 120 mm mortar volleys, while Dokuchaievsk, in the southern outskirts of Donetsk city, became the target of infantry weapons and automatic grenade launchers. Colonel Andryi Marochko, military spokesman of the self-proclaimed Luhansk Peoples Republic, told the press that the last civilian resident at Zholobok had been evacuated after his home was destroyed by 152 mm artillery rounds. The rest of the civilians had abandoned the village in the summer of 2017, after a Ukrainian attempt to take over the site.
The press-centre of the JFO headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 28 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 21 occasions in Donetsk and on 7 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 16 occasions. By morning of 19 June at least five ceasefire violations were registered with no casualties on the Ukrainian side; the fire was returned on several occasions. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that two Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in the Donbass region on 18 June. Pro-Russian sources at Donetsk city said that there were four Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in three locations using small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars and 120 mm mortars. According to local authorities, the Ukrainian military broke the ceasefire two times within the borders of the self-styled Luhansk People's Republic. The Ukrainian forces engaged pro-Russian positions at Hristove and Krasnyi Yar employing heavy machine guns, under-barrel grenade launchers and BMP-2 armoured vehicles.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the evening as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian forces had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on 4 occasions, one Ukrainian serviceman was wounded in action. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 26, as a result, another two Ukrainian servicemen were wounded. In the outskirts of Donetsk city, Verkhnyotoretske, Vodiane, Marinka, Taramchuk, Novoselivka and Avdiivka were fired at from small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers. In the region of Mariupol, Ukrainian positions at Talakivka were engaged with grenade launchers, 120 mm mortars, armoured fighting vehicles and 122 mm self-propelled guns; 120 mm mortar volleys also struck Chermalyk. Pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles from Novolaspa launched an attack on Starohnativka supported by 82 mm mortars. Separatist forces opened fire on Ukrainian positions at Pavlopil, Vodiane, Shyrokyne and Lebedinske using infantry weapons and rocket launchers. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, Ukrainian forces at Novhorodske were engaged with ZU-23-2 antiaircraft guns, while Artemove and Troitske were attacked with small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers. Pro-Russian officials reported several Ukrainian violations of the truce by evening. Shyroka Balka and Gagarin mining complex, in the area of Horlivka and, in the region of Mariupol, Novolaspa and Bela Kamianka, came under hostile fire. In the main incidents, BMP-2 armoured fighting vehicles from Starohnativka and Novhorodske opened fire on pro-Russian positions at Bela Kamianka, Novolaspa and Shyroka Balka. Intense mortar fire was also reported at Bela Kamianka, which was hit by 120 mm volleys. Gagarin mining complex was shelled with 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the morning pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 26 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 23 occasions in Donetsk region and on 3 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 16 occasions. By morning of 20 June (as of 9:00 am) three ceasefire violations were registered with no casualties on the Ukrainian side; the fire was returned. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that three Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in the Donbass region on 19 June. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city reported six Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in four different locations using small arms, snipers, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. According to local sources, Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire four times within the boundaries of the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic. The Ukrainian military employed heavy machine guns, 82 mm and 120 mm mortars to engage pro-Russian redoubts at Zheleznaya Roshcha and Donetskyi.
The press-centre of the JFO reported in the evening no casualties on the Ukrainian side by 6:00 pm amidst several registered ceasefire violations by the pro-Russian military. By the end of the day total 30 ceasefire violations were registered, as a result, three Ukrainian servicemen were wounded. In the environs of Donetsk city, Verkhnyotoretske, Pisky, Avdiivka and Kamianka became the target of small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers. In the region of Mariupol, Vodiane was shelled with 82 mm and 120 mm mortars firing from Pikuzy. Pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles attacked Ukrainian positions at Bohdanivka. Separatist forces opened fire on Ukrainian troops at Pavlopil, Bohdanivka, Vodiane, Hnutove, Lebedinske, Pyshchevik and Shyrokyne with infantry weapons and grenade launchers. In the northern section of the demarcation line, Novotoshkivke was shelled with 120 mm mortars and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. Novoaleksandrivka, Svitlodarsk, Zolote, Katerinivka, Yuzhne, Troitske and Luhanske were hit by small arms fire, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers. Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city reported heavy shelling on several locations along the demarcation line throughout the day. Yasynuvata and Vasiilivka, in the outskirts of Donetsk city, Gagarin mining complex, in the area of Horlivka, and Uzhivka, in the region of Mariupol, came under intense fire. In the main incidents, Donetsk water purification plant was once again attacked by Ukrainian forces; the workers had to take cover in shelters. Pro-Russian positions at Vasiilivka were repeatedly hit by 82 mm mortar barrages; 82 mm mortars were also fired at Uzhivka and Gagarin mining complex. One civilian resident was wounded.
The press-centre of the JFO headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 30 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 20 occasions in Donetsk and on 10 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 12 occasions. By 9:00 am of 21 June four ceasefire violations were registered with no casualties on the Ukrainian side.) The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that three Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in the Donbass region on 20 June. Pro-Russian sources at Donetsk city said that there were five Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in three locations using small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars and 120 mm mortars. Officials from the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic recorded one Ukrainian violation of the truce when BMP-1 armoured vehicles from Novotoshkivke engaged pro-Russian positions at Donetskyi supported by 82 mm mortar fire.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the evening pro-Russian forces had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on 3 occasions from 7:00 am to 6:00 pm, all in the area of Mariupol, with no casualties on the Ukrainian side. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 29, as a result, one Ukrainian serviceman was wounded by a shrapnel. In the outskirts of Donetsk city, Avdiivka, Krasnohorivka, Pisky and Marinka became the target of infantry weapons and rocket launchers. In the region of Mariupol, 122 mm self-propelled guns fired at Hnutove, while Starohnativka was shelled with 120 mm mortars. Ukrainian troops at Shyrokyne, Lebedinske, Pavlopil, Novohryhorivka, Vodiane and Chermalyk were harassed with small arms fire, heavy machine gun fire and rocket propelled grenades. In the northern section of the demarcation line, 82 mm and 120 mm mortar volleys landed in Novotoshkivke. Small arms, heavy machine guns and antitank rockets were also fired at Ukrainian positions around Troitske, Zalizne, Zaitseve and Stanytsia Luhanska. Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city reported a number of attacks on their forces throughout the day. The Ukrainian army opened fire at Holmivsky, in the area of Horlivka, and at Pikuzy and Novolaspa, in the region of Mariupol. In the main incidents, heavy shelling was witnessed at Pikuzy, which was hit by several artillery barrages fired from Talakivka by 122 mm self-propelled guns. BMP-1 armoured vehicles from Zaitseve supported by 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles and automatic grenade launchers attacked pro-Russian positions at Holmivsky. BMP-2 armoured vehicles from Starohnativka riddled pro-Russian redoubts at Novolaspa with 30 mm gunfire. One civilian resident was wounded.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the morning pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 29 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 21 occasions in Donetsk region and on 10 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 14 occasions. By 9:00 am of 22 June six ceasefire violations were registered with no casualties on the Ukrainian side; the fire was returned on several occasions. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that one Ukrainian serviceman was wounded in the Donbass region on 21 June. Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city recorded five Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in four different locations using small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless guns, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles and 122 mm self-propelled guns. One civilian resident was confirmed wounded. The same sources recorded 39 Ukrainian violations of the truce over the past week. The Ukrainian military fired 37 rounds from 122 mm self-propelled artillery, 138 shells from 82 mm and 120 mm mortars and some 500 rounds from armoured fighting vehicles. Three civilians were wounded. According to local officials, the Ukrainian military broke the ceasefire three times within the borders of the self-styled Luhansk People's Republic. The Ukrainian military employed 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles and 120 mm mortars to shell pro-Russian positions at Donetskyi and Lozove.
The press-centre of the Joint Forces Operation (JFO) reported in the evening that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on 7 occasions from 7:00 am to 6:00 pm, with no casualties on the Ukrainian side. By the end of the day total 27 ceasefire violations were registered. Pro-Russian forces opened fire on Ukrainian troops at Verkhnyotoretske, Avdiivka, Marinka, Kamianka and Pisky with small arms, heavy machine guns and grenade launchers. In the region of Mariupol, 122 mm self-propelled artillery shelled Hnutove and Vodiane. Lebedinske and Talakivka were meanwhile hit by 120 mm mortar volleys. Pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles from Bela Kamianka engaged Ukrainian positions at Starohnativka. Pavlopil, Pishchevik and Shyrokyne became the target of infantry weapons and rocket launchers. In the northern section of the demarcation line, Novotoshkivke was shelled with 120 mm mortars and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. The separatists attacked Ukrainian positions at Zalizne, Luhanske, Troitske and Zaitseve with small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers. Pro-Russian sources at Donetsk city recorded a number of attacks on their troops throughout the day. Horlivka, Zaitseve and Gagarin mining complex, in the area of Horlivka, and Sakhanka, in the region of Mariupol, came under hostile fire. In the main incidents, Sakhanka was shelled with 120 mm mortars, while Gagarin mining complex was attacked by BMP-1 armoured vehicles supported by automatic grenade launchers. Heavy fire was reported at Horlivka, where several civilian residences were hit by mortar rounds.
The press-centre of the JFO headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 27 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 20 occasions in Donetsk and on 7 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 17 occasions. By 9:00 am of 23 June nine ceasefire violations were registered, two Ukrainian servicemen were wounded. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence reported at noon no casualties in the Donbass region on 22 June. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city reported five Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in four locations using small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, rocket launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mmmortars, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. Local authorities announced that the Ukrainian military broke the ceasefire on two occasions within the boundaries of the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic. Ukrainian forces from Krymske and Novotoshkivke used 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles to attack pro-Russian positions at Donetskyi.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the evening that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on eight occasions between 7:00 am and 6:00 pm, another two Ukrainian servicemen were wounded. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 25, as a result, total five Ukrainian servicemen were wounded. Around Donetsk city, 120 mm mortar volleys struck Kamianka. Avdiivka, Pisky, Kamianka and Novoselivka became the target of infantry weapons and rocket launchers. In the region of Mariupol, 122 mm self-propelled guns pounded Ukrainian positions at Vodiane, Lebedinske and Talakivka. Pro-Russian forces fired small arms, heavy machine guns and grenade launchers at Pavlopil, Shyrokyne and Lebedinske. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, pro-Russian forces attacked Krymske and Novotoshkivke with 82 mm mortars, armoured fighting vehicles and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. Ukrainian positions at Zolote, Zaitseve, Svitlodarsk, Novhorodske, Novotoshkivke and Krymske were hit by small arms fire, heavy machine gun fire and antitank rockets. Pro-Russian authorities told the press that Ukrainian forces had broken the ceasefire on multiple occasions by evening. Dokuchaievsk, in the environs of Donetsk city, Gagarin mining complex, in the area of Horlivka, and in the region of Mariupol, Pikuzy, Sakhanka, Uzhivka and Novolaspa, came under attack. In the main incidents, Dokuchaievsk and Sakhanka were shelled with 120 mm mortars; heavy shelling was also reported at Uzhivka, which came under 122 mm artillery fire. Ukrainian infantry attempting to slip through the demarcation line at Pikuzy was met by heavy fire from pro-Russian positions and driven back with casualties. BMP-2 armoured fighting vehicles from Shyrokyne engaged pro-Russian forces at Sakhanka. One civilian resident was wounded at Dokuchaievsk.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the morning pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 25 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 14 occasions in Donetsk region and on 11 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 11 occasions. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that five Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in the Donbass region on 23 June. Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city recorded eight Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in six different locations using small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless guns, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers, armoured fighting vehicles and 122 mm self-propelled guns. No violations of the ceasefire were reported by authorities of the self-styled Luhansk People's Republic.
The press-centre of the Joint Forces Operation (JFO) reported in the evening that from 7:00 am to 6:00 pm pro-Russian military had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on 5 occasions, as a result, one Ukrainian serviceman was wounded. By the end of the day total 22 ceasefire violations were registered, as a result, one Ukrainian serviceman was killed, four were wounded. In the surroundings of Donetsk city, 82 mm mortar rounds landed in Avdiivka. The separatists also fired small arms, heavy machine guns and grenade launchers at Ukrainian positions in Avdiivka, Marinka and Kamianka. In the region of Mariupol, heavy shelling was reported at Vodiane. The Ukrainian stronghold was hit by several 122 mm and 152 mm artillery barrages; the area was also the target of 120 mm and 82 mm mortars. Hnutove and Lebedinske were shelled by 122 mm self-propelled artillery, while Ukrainian forces at Bohdanivka received 82 mm mortar fire. Pro-Russian tanks from Sakhanka launched a sustained attack on Lebedinske, supported by armoured fighting vehicles and infantry weapons. Hnutove, Bohdanivka, Vodiane and Shyrokyne became the target of small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers. in the northern section of the demarcation line, Krymske was shelled with 122 mm self-propelled artillery and 82 mm mortars. Ukrainian troops at Novozvanivka were harassed with small arms fire, heavy machine gun fire and rocket propelled grenades. Multiple Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire were reported by pro-Russian officials by evening. The Ukrainian military attacked Vasiilivka and Dokuchaievsk, in the surroundings of Donetsk city, Horlivka, Gagarin mining complex, Holmivsky and Zaitseve, in the area of Horlivka, and in the region of Mariupol, Uzhivka, Novolaspa, Sakhanka, Pikuzy and Novyboeve. In the main incidents, 122 mm self-propelled artillery was fired at the pro-Russian stronghold of Uzhivka, while Pikuzy and Novolaspa were shelled with 120 mm mortars. Gagarin mining complex was hit by 82 mm mortars. Ukrainian tanks from Talakivka launched an attack on pro-Russian redoubts at Pikuzy; tank rounds also hit Ukrainian positions at Dokuchaievsk. BMP-1 armoured fighting vehicles engaged pro-Russian forces at Novolaspa and Holmivsky.
The press-centre of the JFO headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 22 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 16 occasions in Donetsk and on 6 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 10 occasions. By morning of 25 June four ceasefire violations were registered with no casualties on the Ukrainian side. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that one Ukrainian serviceman was killed and another four were wounded in the Donbass region on 24 June. Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city recorded 15 Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in 11 locations using small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers, armoured fighting vehicles and tanks. One civilian was confirmed wounded. According to local sources, the Ukrainian military broke the ceasefire five times within the borders of the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic. The Ukrainian military employed heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mortars, 120 mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles to engage pro-Russian positions at Lozove, Lohvynove, Sokolniki, Veselehorivka and Sentianivka.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the evening pro-Russian forces had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on two occasions between 7:00 am and 6:00 pm, no casualties were reported. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 24, as a result, one Ukrainian serviceman was wounded. In the outskirts of Donetsk city, 82 mm mortar volleys struck Avdiivka and Kruta Balka. Kamianka, Marinka and Verkhnyotoretske became the target of infantry weapons and grenade launchers. Pro-Russian troops in the region of Mariupol opened fire on Ukrainian positions at Hnutove, Lebedinske, Marinka, Pavlopil, Starohnativka and Shyrokyne with small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket lanchers. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, Krymske was shelled with 120 mm mortars, while Ukrainian redoubts at Orekhove, Luhanske and Svitlodarsk were hit by small arms fire, heavy machine gun fire and antitank rockets. Pro-Russian sources told the press that Ukrainian forces had broken the ceasefire on several occasions by evening. Dokuchaievsk, in the region of Donetsk, Gagarin mining complex, in the area of Horlivka, and in the region of Mariupol, Styla and Petrovske, came under hostile fire. In the main incidents, 120 mm mortar rounds hit Styla and Dokuchaievsk, while BMP-1 and BMP-2 armoured vehicles from Dzerzhinsky and Novotroitske engaged pro-Russian redoubts at Gagarin mining complex and Dokuchaievsk. BMP-2 armoured vehicles from Novohnativka raked Ukrainian positions at Petrovske with 30 mm gunfire.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the morning pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 24 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 16 occasions in Donetsk region and on 8 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 14 occasions. By morning of 26 June two ceasefire violations were registered with no casualties on the Ukrainian side; the fire was returned. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that one Ukrainian soldier was wounded in the Donbass region on 25 June. Pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city recorded seven Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in five different locations using small arms, heavy machine guns, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless guns, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. In the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic, local officials reported three Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire. The Ukrainian military used small arms, automatic grenade launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured fighting vehicles to pound pro-Russian positions at Kalynove and Lozove.
The press-centre of the Joint Forces Operation (JFO) reported in the evening that from 7:00 am to 6:00 pm pro-Russian military had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on 5 occasions, exclusively in Luhansk region, no casualties were reported. By the end of the day total 30 ceasefire violations were registered, as a result, one Ukrainian serviceman was killed, two were wounded. In the ouskirts of Donetsk city, Marinka and Pisky were shelled with 82 mm mortars, while Avdiivka was fired at from small arms, rocket launchers and ZU-23-2 antiaircraft guns. Pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles engaged Ukrainian redoubts at Novoselivka. In the region of Mariupol, 82 mm and 120 mm mortar barrages hit Vodiane. The separatist also employed 82 mm mortars to shell Lebedinske. Hnutove, Pyshchevik and Starohnativka became the target of small arms and grenade launchers. In the northern sector of the demarcation line, 122 mm self-propelled artillery shelled Novotoshkivke, while Krymske came under 82 mm and 120 mm mortar fire. Ukrainian forces at Zaitseve, Mayorsk, Katerinivka, Zholobok, Troitske and Lozove were attacked with infantry weapons, rocket launchers and armoured fighting vehicles. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city reported a number of Ukrainian violations of the truce by evening. Ukrainian forces attacked Dokuchaievsk, in the surroundings of Donetsk city, and, in the area of Horlivka, Zaitseve and Gagarin mining complex. BMP-2 armoured fighting vehicles from Nikolaevka opened fire on pro-Russian positions at Dokuchaievsk, while Zaitseve and Gagarin mining complex were shelled with automatic grenade launchers, antitank rocket launchers and 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles.
The press-centre of the JFO headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 30 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 17 occasions in Donetsk and on 13 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 20 occasions. By 9:00 am of 27 June nine ceasefire violations were registered with no casualties on the Ukrainian side. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that one Ukrainian serviceman was killed and another two were wounded in the Donbass region on 26 June. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city reported three Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in three locations using small arms, automatic grenade launchers, rocket launchers, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, armoured personnel carriers and armoured fighting vehicles. According to local authorities, Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire three times within the boundaries of the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic. The Ukrainian military employed small arms, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles to attack pro-Russian redoubts at Prishib, Sokolniki and Nyzhne Lozove.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the evening pro-Russian military had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on 12 occasions between 7:00 am and 6:00 pm, as a result, three Ukrainian servicemen were lethally wounded at Bohdanivka by pro-Russian 122 mm self-propelled artillery; another Ukrainian soldier was wounded at Vodiane. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 32, another two Ukrainian servicemen were wounded, two civilians were injured by shelling in Zalizne. In the environs of Donetsk city, Marinka was shelled with 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, supported by small arms and heavy machine guns. The Ukrainian stronghold of Avdiivka was attacked by armoured fighting vehicles supported by heavy machine guns, rocket lanchers and antiaircraft guns. Small arms and heavy machine gun fire was reported at Opytne. In the region of Mariupol, 120 mm mortars and 122 mm self-propelled artillery shelled Hnutove; heavy shelling was also reported at Starohnativka, hit by 120 mm mortar rounds. The separatists fired infantry weapons at Ukrainian positions around Shyrokyne, Talakivka, Pavlopil and Vodiane. In the northern section of the demarcation line, pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles engaged Ukrainian redoubts at Yuzhne, supported by heavy machine gun fire. Krymske was shelled with 82 mm mortars fired from Sentianivka and Zholobok. Heavy machine gun fire was reported at Luhanske, while Ukrainian troops at Stanytsia Luhanska were harassed with small arms fire. Pro-Russian sources at Donetsk city reported Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in the surroundings of Donetsk city and in the region of Mariupol by evening. BMP-1 and BMP-2 armoured fighting vehicles from Novohryhorivka launched a sustained attack on pro-Russian positions at Bela Kamianka, while Dokuchaievsk became the target of 120 mm mortars fired from Novotroitske.
A new agreement on a new ceasefire starting on 1 July 2018 was announced in Minsk, the capital of Belarus.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the morning pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 32 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 26 occasions in Donetsk region and on 6 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on more than half of the occasions. As of 9:00 am of 28 June seven ceasefire violations were registered with no casualties on the Ukrainian side. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that three Ukrainian servicemen were killed and another three were wounded in the Donbass region on 27 June. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city reported that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire twice, using 120 mm mortars and armoured fighting vehicles to attack pro-Russian positions at Bela Kamianka and Dokuchaievsk. According to local sources, Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire two times within the boundaries of the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic. The Ukrainian military employed small arms, rocket launchers and automatic grenade launchers to attack pro-Russian troops at Kalynivka and Lohvynove.
The press-centre of the Joint Forces Operation (JFO) reported in the evening that as of 6:00 pm pro-Russian forces had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on 7 occasions; two Ukrainian servicemen were killed in a skirmish that took place at Pivdenne. By the end of the day total 28 ceasefire violations were registered, another two Ukrainian servicemen were killed (at Svitlodarsk and in Avdiivka) and two were wounded. In the area of Donetsk city, Novotroitske was shelled with 120 mm mortars. Avdiivka, Verkhnyotoretske, Novotroitske and Marinka became the target of infantry weapons and grenade launchers. In the region of Mariupol, Pavlopil was fired at from 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 120 mm mortars and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. Nearby Hnutove was hit by 120 mm mortar volleys. The separatists fired small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers at Shyrokyne, Pavlopil, Vodiane, Lebedinske and Hnutove. In the northern section of the demarcation line, a single pro-Russian tank opened fire on Ukrainian positions at Novotoshkivke. The same area, along with Yuzhne, came under 82 mm and 120 mm mortar fire. Both settements were also attacked by armoured fighting vehicles, supported by infantry weapons and antitank rocket launchers. Ukrainian troops at Luhanske, Novhorodske, Novozvanivka and Svitlodarsk were harassed with small arms and heavy machine gun fire. Pro-Russian authorities told the press that two assaults on their redoubts led by Ukrainian infantry and tanks and supported by 122 mm self-propelled artillery were met with heavy fire by pro-Russian forces at Gagarin mining complex, in the area of Horlivka. In the first engagement, Ukrainian infantry supported by 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and 122 mm artillery attempted to seize the high ground around the Ukrainian-held village of Yuzhne (Pivdenne), but the push was repelled with heavy casualties. In the second attempt, Ukrainian tanks from Yuzhne launched a sustained attack on pro-Russian positions north of Gagarin, supported by 122 mm self-propelled guns, in order to divert pro-Russian fire from the southern sector of the defences, where Ukrainian special forces would break through the demarcation line. The manoeuvrer was thwarted and the intruders were driven back by pro-Russian military. In the region of Mariupol and around Donetsk city, BMP-2 armoured vehicles from Starohnativka and Novotroitske riddled pro-Russian outposts at Novolaspa, Bela Kamianka and Dokuchaievsk with 30 mm gunfire. Dokuchaievsk was also hit by 120 mm mortar rounds. Spartak became the target of small arms, automatic grenade launchers and antitank rocket launchers.
The press-centre of the JFO headquarters reported in the morning that pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 28 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 17 occasions in Donetsk and on 11 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 19 occasions. By morning of 29 June six ceasefire violations were registered with no casualties on the Ukrainian side (as of 11:00 am). The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that four Ukrainian servicemen were killed and two were wounded in the Donbass region on 28 June. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city reported ten Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in six locations using small arms, heavy machine guns, 73 mm antitank recoilless rifles, 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers, armoured fighting vehicles, tanks and 122 mm self-propelled artillery. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city reported that Ukrainian BMP-1 armoured fighting vehicles from Novotoshkivke attacked Donetskyi supported by 120 mm mortar fire.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the evening pro-Russian forces had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on 12 occasions, one Ukrainian soldier was wounded. By the end of the day the number of registered ceasefire violations had risen to 34, another Ukrainian serviceman was wounded. In the outskirts of Donetsk city, separatist forces fired small arms, heavy machine guns and rocket launchers at Ukrainian positions near Verkhnyotoretske, Avdiivka, Marinka and Pisky. Sniper fire was reported at Nevelske. In the region of Mariupol, pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles engaged Ukrainian redoubts at Pavlopil. Hnutove and Berdyansk were hit by 120 mm mortars. Ukrainian forces at Lebedinske, Shyrokyne, Vodiane, Pavlopil, and Novomihaylivka became the target of infantry weapons and rocket launchers. In the northern section of the demarcation line, pro-Russian tanks attacked Ukrainian redoubts at Novotoshkivke for the second consecutive day, while armoured fighting vehicles opened fire on Maiske. Luhanske and Krymske were shelled with 82 mm mortars, and Luhanske, Krymske, Svitlodarsk, Novhorodske and Novozvanivka were fired at from small arms, heavy machine guns and grenade launchers. Pro-Russian officials told the press that Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire on a number of occasions by evening. In the surroundings of Donetsk city, Ukrainian tanks from Nikolaevka opened fire on pro-Russian redoubts at Dokuchaievsk, while BMP-2 armoured vehicles from Bohdanivka and Novotroitske attacked pro-Russian positions at Petrovske and Yasne.
According to the information provided by the press-centre of the JFO headquarters in the morning pro-Russian forces had opened fire on 34 occasions on Ukrainian positions the previous day (including on 20 occasions in Donetsk region and on 14 occasions in Luhansk region); the fire was returned on 18 occasions. By morning of 30 June three ceasefire violations were registered with no casualties on the Ukrainian side; the fire was returned twice. The spokesman of the Ministry of Defence confirmed at noon that two Ukrainian servicemen were wounded in the Donbass region on 29 June. Pro-Russian officials at Donetsk city reported four Ukrainian violations of the ceasefire in four different locations employing 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars, armoured personnel carriers. armoured fighting vehicles and tanks. The same sources recorded 46 Ukrainian violations of the truce over the past week; Ukrainian forces fired 45 shells from 122 mm self-propeleld artillery, 34 tank rounds, 119 shells from 82 mm and 120 mm mortars and 321 shots from armoured fighting vehicles. Two pro-Russian soldiers were wounded. According to local authorities, Ukrainian forces broke the ceasefire three times within the boundaries of the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic. The Ukrainian military employed 82 mm mortars, 120 mm mortars and BMP-1 armoured vehicles to engage pro-Russian positions at Donetskyi, Lohvynove and Sokolniki.
The press-centre of the Joint Forces Operation (JFO) reported in the evening that from 7:00 am to 6:00 pm pro-Russian military had opened fire on positions of Ukrainian troops on 2 occasions, no casualties were reported. By the end of the day total 26 ceasefire violations were registered, as a result, one Ukrainian serviceman was wounded. In the region of Donetsk, Krasnohorivka, Avdiivka, Opytne, Novomykhailivka, Marinka and Pisky became the target of small arms, heavy machine guns and antitank rocket launchers. Antitank rockets landed in Vesele. In the region of Mariupol, 120 mm mortar rounds landed in Hnutove, while infantry weapons and different types of grenade launchers were fired at Lebedinske, Vodiane, Pavlopil, Talakivka and Chermalyk. In the northern section of the demarcation line, Novotoshkivke was fired at from infantry weapons, grenade launchers, 82 mm and 120 mm mortars. Pro-Russian armoured fighting vehicles engaged Ukrainian positions at Zaitseve and Yuzhne, supported by small arms and heavy machine gun fire. A number of ceasefire violations were reported by pro-Russian authorities at Donetsk city by evening, when Zaitseve and 6/7 mining complex near Horlivka were attacked by Ukrainian forces. Pro-Russian positions at Zaitseve became the target of small arms, automatic grenade launchers and 82 mm mortars, while BMP-2 armoured vehicles opened fire on 6/7 mining complex supported by small arms and automatic grenade launchers. BMP-1 armoured vehicles opened fire on pro-Russian redoubts at Verkhnyoshyrokivske.

John Monteath
John Monteath (9 October 1878 – 11 June 1955) CIE was an Irish first-class cricketer and colonial official in British India.
Monteath was the son of Sir James Monteath, a colonial administrator in British India. He was educated at Clifton College, before going up to King's College, Cambridge in 1897. He graudated with a first-class in 1900, before joining the Indian Civil Service (ICI) in 1902. 
His first post in the ICI was as an Assitant Collector at Dharwar, a position he held until 1908. During this time, he played a first-class cricket match for the Europeans against the Parsees at Bombay. Batting twice in the match, Monteath was dismissed without scoring in the European's first-innings by Kekhashru Mistry, and was dismissed by the same bowler for a single run in their second-innings. Fellow Irishman James McDonogh was also a member of the Europeans team. He served as an Assitant Political Agent in Kathiawar from 1908–1915, before taking up the post of Municipial Commissioner in Ahmedabad, a position he held for a few months in 1915. He was the Postmaster General for the Punjab in 1915–1916, before taking up the same post from 1916–1919 in Madras. He was a District Magistrate for the Bombay Presidency and Sind from 1921–1926, and from 1926–1928 he was the Secretary to the Bombay Government Home Department. In the Indian General Election of 1926 he was elected to the Central Legislative Assembly.
He later served as the Dewan or Prime Minister of Junagadh State, a post he held from 1933–1939. Monteath was made a Companion of the Order of the Indian Empire in the 1937 New Year Honours. He returned to England around the time of Indian Independence, and was living at Bury St Edmunds. He died at Awliscombe in Devon in June 1955.

Kamenitza
Kamenitza may refer to:

Balakirevo
Balakirevo () is an urban-type settlement in Alexandrovsky District of Vladimir Oblast, Russia. Population: 

Undercliffe Cottage
Undercliffe Cottage is a heritage-listed residence located at 50 Argyle Place, in the inner city Sydney suburb of Millers Point in the City of Sydney local government area of New South Wales, Australia. It is also known as Undercliffe Cottage (former); Undercliff Cottage; and Grimes Cottage. The property was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
Millers Point is one of the earliest areas of European settlement in Australia, and a focus for maritime activities. Argyle Place, a primitive version of a London Square, was commenced by Governor Macquarie but not fully formed until after quarrying of the adjacent rock face had ceased in about 1865. Resumption plans of 1900 show the house as part of James Merriman's estate.
In 1958 architect John Fisher (member of the Institute of Architects, the Cumberland County Council Historic Buildings Committee and on the first Council of the National Trust of Australia (NSW) after its reformation in 1960), with the help of artist Cedric Flower, convinced Taubmans to paint the central bungalow at 50 Argyle Place. This drew attention to the importance of the Rocks for the first time. As a result, Fisher was able to negotiate leases for Bligh House (later Clydebank) and houses in Windmill Street for various medical societies.
It was first tenanted by the NSW Department of Housing in 1982. The house was sold by the Government of New South Wales in 2015 for 4.23 million.
Late Victorian Georgian style, four bedroom cottage with hipped slate roof continuous over verandah, and stuccoed walls. It is in good condition. This two storey (plus attic) building displays a symetrical facade; it has large windows with stone sills at entry level (upper floor to street); cast iron balustrade, gate, columns and valance; and, an arched fan light above the front doorway. Storeys: 2 Construction: Stuccoed masonry walls, slate roof, rendered masonry chimney, cast iron verandah posts, frieze and balustrading. Painted timber joinery. Style: Late Georgian Orientation: Overlooking Argyle Place.
The external condition of the property is good.
External: Watercolour ('s) of house shows paired columns to verandah at entrance. Northern verandahs added between 1885 and 1900. Dormer windows at rear present in late 1850's photo. - Last inspected: 19 February 1995.
As at 23 November 2000, this detached Georgian house, is an important streetscape element facing Argyle Place.
It is part of the Millers Point Conservation Area, an intact residential and maritime precinct. It contains residential buildings and civic spaces dating from the 1830's and is an important example of C19th adaptation of the landscape.
Undercliffe Cottage was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.

Barkly Work Camp
Barkly Work Camp is a low-security correctional work camp near Tennant Creek in the Northern Territory of Australia.
The Barkly Work Camp opened on 8 September 2011 with a capacity of 50 prisoners. It aims to rehabilitate inmates by providing training and employment opportunities.
As of April 2018, the world camp housed 61 prisoners, which is 122 per cent of its design capacity.

Peshawar Haiders
Peshawar Haiders (PH) is a Kabaddi club based in Peshawar, Pakistan that plays in the Super Kabaddi League. The team is currently led by Akhlaq Hussain.
Super Kabaddi League (SKL) is a professional Kabaddi league in Pakistan, based on the format of the group games and eliminator. The first edition of the tournament was played in 2018 with ten franchises representing various cities in Pakistan.
It also has a dedicated following in Afghanistan. 

Georgios Pintidis
Georgios Pintidis (born 28 April 2000) is a German-Greek footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Ingolstadt.
Pintidis made his professional debut for FC Ingolstadt in the 2. Bundesliga on 1 December 2018, starting in the match against Hamburger SV before being substituted out in the 83rd minute for Konstantin Kerschbaumer. The home match finished as a 1–2 loss for Ingolstadt.

1975 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's 1500 metres
The men's 1500 metres event at the 1975 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 8 and 9 March in Katowice.
Held on 8 March.<br>First 2 from each heat (Q) and the next 2 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Held on 9 March.

56-60 Bettington Street, Millers Point
56-60 Bettington Street, Millers Point is a heritage-listed residence located at 56-60 Bettington Street, in the inner city Sydney suburb of Millers Point in the City of Sydney local government area of New South Wales, Australia. The property was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
Original buildings were constructed . This site was redeveloped in the mid-1980's, keeping the existing Victorian terraces at 56, 58 & 60 Bettington Street and incorporating them into new development on the corner of Bettington Street and Rodens Lane and further along Rodens Lane for one bedroom units. First tenanted by the NSW Department of Housing in 1986.
A further development application was lodged in 2017 to redevelop the non-heritage-listed 1980s developments.
Victorian two-storey terrace, painted stuccoed wall finish. 4 one-bedroom units are listed at this address. Storeys: Two; Construction: Painted stuccoed rendered masonry, corrugated galvanised iron roof, timber verandah. Painted timber joinery. Style: Victorian
The external condition of the property is good.
As at 23 November 2000, the building makes a significant contibution to the streetscape of the immediate area owing to the sweeping curve of the facade at the corner of Bettington and Merriman Streets.
It is part of the Millers Point Conservation Area, an intact residential and maritime precinct. It contains residential buildings and civic spaces dating from the 1830's and is an important example of 19th century adaptation of the landscape.
56-60 Bettington Street, Millers Point was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.

Nwya Devu
Nwya Devu is a high-altitude archaeological site on the Tibetan Plateau located in the eastern Changtang region of Tibet. At around above sea level, Nwya Devu is the highest known archaeological site from the Paleolithic and provides evidence for the earliest known presence of humans at a high-altitude site, at around 40,000-30,000 BP.
The site was discovered in 2013 during systematic archaeological surveying performed by the Tibetan Cultural Relics Conservation Institute and the Institute of Vertebrate Paleontology and Paleoanthropology. Nywa Devu lies on the former lacrustrine terrace of Co Ngoin, a nearby freshwater lake to the site's north.
Archaeologists identified three stratigraphic layers at the site and excavated around worth of deposits in depth. Layer 1 is OSL dated from around 13,000 to 4,000 BP. Mollusc shells taken from the lowest part of Layer 1 yielded AMS date ranges from around 12,700 to 12,400 BP, which shows concurrence with the OSL dating. Layer 2 is OSL dated from around 25,000 to 18,000 BP and corresponds with the Last Glacial Maximum. The earliest layer, Layer 3, is OSL dated to around 45,000 to 30,000 BP. While artefacts were found outside of Layer 3, the archaeologists who worked the site believe that all of the artefacts come from the assemblage associated with Layer 3. Paleo-environmental evidence suggests that the local climate was milder during the time of Layer 3 when compared against the present.
3,683 lithic artefacts were excavated from the site. The lithic assemblage at Nwya Devu consists primarily of blade cores, flake cores, blades, flakes, chunks, and tools. All of the lithic artefacts at Newa Devu were sourced from black slate that was locally derived, from nearby Nwya Devu Hill, which lies around east of the site. Blades found at the site were made using a non-Levallois technique, through the use of prismatic cores. Archaeologists believe that Nwya Devu, with access to a good source of raw materials nearby, was likely the site of a lithic tool-making workshop, with a primary focus on creating long knives and scrapers that could be hafted. Some of the excavated blades were over in length. The lithic assemblage at Newa Dwvu appears to be unique and not obviously related to any other sites in East Asia. It shows some similarities to sites from the Early Upper Paleolithic in Siberia (Kara Bom) and Mongolia (Tolbor-21).

Cesáreo Barrera
Cesáreo Barrera (born 5 November 1940) is a Spanish boxer. He competed in the men's light middleweight event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.

Celedonio Lima
Celedonio Lima (born 12 July 1940) is an Argentine boxer. He competed in the men's light middleweight event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.

John Bukowski
John Bukowski (born 18 January 1939) is an Australian boxer. He competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics and the 1964 Summer Olympics.

Bernard Hartze
Bernard “Dancing Shoes” Hartze (born 5 March 1950) is a retired South African professional footballer who played as a midfielder. He played in several leagues in South Africa and the United States. Early on, Hartze was given the nickname “Dancing Shoes” because of his deft dribbling skills and footwork.
Hartze was born in Marabastad section of Pretoria, South Africa in 1950 to a Dutch father and a South African mother. This ethnic diversity would designate him as coloured by the South African government. At age 14 he was amongst a group of schoolboys who in the early 1960s formed the Mamelodi Sundowns, and he signed his first professional contract at age 15.
Because of his multiracial ethnicity and the government’s apartheid policies, Hartze’s playing options were limited. The National Football League was white-only. Officials in Durban once tried to change his registry designation to white so that he could play in the NFL but were unsuccessful. His spirited play earned him a trial with Leeds United F.C. in 1967 but the complex FA rules for signing internationals at the time, as well as the homesickness any 17-year-old boy in a foreign country might experience conspired against him and after two months he returned to South Africa.
After a time at Barea F.C., he then joined Orlando Pirates in late 1967 and enjoyed great success on the non-racial club, however the National Professional Soccer League was set up as a league for Bantus only. When government officials cracked down on this rule, Hartze and three teammates were forced to leave the club in 1970.
This left the Federation Professional League, a league comprised of coloureds and Indian South Africans, as his only professional option. In 1970, he served as a player-coach for Cape Town Spurs F.C. and depending on which source material is referenced, Hartze won scoring titles while at Spurs in 1970, 1971 and possibly 1972. It is reported that in 1970 he scored 54 goals in 30 games and earned South Africa’s Sportsman of the Year award. Another source has him scoring at an even more torrid pace in 1972: 35 goals in 16 matches. There is also a report of him scoring both goals in a cup final for Cape Town United as they overcame his former club Spurs, 2–0.
In December 1974 he was the third player to sign with the newly-formed Tampa Bay Rowdies of the North American Soccer League, tallying 4 goals with 3 assists in helping the Rowdies to a runner-up finish in the 1975 indoor tournament. He was injured in the second game of the 1975 outdoor season and struggled to regain his fitness, making only four more appearances for the rest of the season. As the Rowdies marched to victory in Soccer Bowl '75, Hartze was on the injured list and did not dress for the final.
He played on loan for Cape Town in 1975-76 during the NASL’s off-season before returning to the U.S. in 1976. That spring Hartze joined the Tacoma Tides of the American Soccer League on loan from the Rowdies. He was then traded to the Sacramento Spirits in June 1976. In late July after the firing of head coach Dick Ott, he was named player-coach with eight games remaining in the season, guiding the Spirits to a 3–1–4 record.
As South African teams began integrating, he returned home in 1977 and signed with NPSL side Hellenic F.C. The following year the NPSL was reorganized to officially become non-racial.
In addition to his stint in charge of Sacramento, he briefly managed Mother City F.C. of the Premier Soccer League, in 1999 before getting sacked. In 2010 he agreed to coach WP United of the Vodacom League.
In 2006 the Government of the Western Cape’s Department of Cultural Affairs and Sport named Hartze a 2006 Sports Legend
In October 2007, Bernard was amongst a group of 50 past and present players coaches and official honored by the Confederation of African Football on the occasion of the CAF’s 50th Anniversary.
In August 2016 Cape Town City FC gave lifetime season tickets to 30 local footballing legends, including Hartze.
In February 2017 the Joburg Post ranked him second on their list of the Greatest Orlando Pirate players ever, behind only Percy “Chippa” Moloi.

Frank Nyangweso
Frank Nyangweso (29 September 1939 – 15 February 2011) was a Ugandan boxer. He competed in the men's light middleweight event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.

Darren Adonis
Darren Lance Adonis (born ) is a South African rugby union player for the in the Pro14, the in the Currie Cup and the in the Rugby Challenge. His regular position is fullback or wing.

Jeffrey Alleyne
Jeffrey Alleyne (born 25 June 1938) is a Canadian boxer. He competed in the men's light middleweight event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.

La serenata
La serenata ("The Serenade") is a one-act opera by Ruperto Chapí for libretto by José Estremera. Its was first performed on November 5, 1881 at the Teatro Apolo in Madrid.
The libretto for "La serenata" was composed by José Estremera, a constant collaborator of Chapí, with whom he successfully staged the "" the previous year (1880). It is thoroughly in verse. The argument is based on a play by Eugène Scribe, "La Xacarilla" (1839). The opera is a result of a new attempt to create a full-composed national opera in Spain, to end the prevalence of zarzuela present at that moment. It is composed in a Rossinian style, reminding also of works by Paisiello and Cimarosa.
The genre of the composition presented a difficulty. Chapí himself acknowledged its modest character. He explained the problem thus. "La serenata" doesn't contain mighty passions, as was usual for a serious opera. It also couldn't be called a comic opera, because an "opéra comique" is the French analogue of Spanish zarzuela. Estremera's subtitle was "operetta" (as printed in the libretto), an inappropriate label, because an operetta has to contain spoken parts, which are not present here. It could be named a lyric comedy ("comedia lírica"), but this title was used by Verdi for his grandiose Falstaff.
"La serenata" was performed on November 5, at the season opening of the Teatro Apolo. It formed the second part of that night, while the first one consisted of the overture to Chapí's "" (1878) and an opera "¡Tierra!" by Antonio Llanos (1873). The orchestra was conducted by Chapí. It was praised by the press, but didn't gain much success. After its failure Chapí rejected his attemptes in the opera genre dedicating himself to zarzuelas foe many years.
"La serenata" was performed at the Teatro de Zarzuela together with the 2-act "Marina". After Chapí was engaged by the , he arranged the score for smaller orchestral forces.
The opera is set in Cádiz and is in two tableaux.
The first tableau presents a view of the harbour with the house of Camacho on the foreground. The opening chorus of passengers thanks the corregidor for ending their quarantine: now they can proceed to the town. A young man Ventura is also on this ship, and is given a pass. The crowd disperses, leaving him alone to tell his story: he went to the sea to find glory and riches, but met only storms and pirates. Now he comes back, without a penny, and looks forward to seeing his beloved one. The night approaches. Some muffled persons appear and sing a mysterious serenade about a hunter trying in vain to catch an eagl. The door of the neighbour house opens, and they go in. Ventura tries to fall asleep on a stone bench, but another company steps in and the situation repeats. Tortured by hunger, he decides to sing this song too. The host of the house, Camacho, appears and leads him inwards.
In the second tableau the action takes place in a room inside of Camacho's house. The host tells his daughter Rita that tomorrow she will marry the corregidor, who adores her. She refuses this, as she promised to wait her beloved sailor. Camacho has much to do and does not continue the conversation. When he leaves, Rita sings of her sufferings and wishes the lover were here. Straight after this enters Ventura, who is actually the one she loves. They are full of joy to see each other. Suddenly Camacho comes in. He is about to beat Ventura, but the young man takes a guitar and sings the serenade. Camacho apologizes and gives him a burse of money. Ventura is astonished with such a change of his fortune and suggests to count the money. Instead, Camacho gives him another burse, apparently because he had cheated with the distribution of it. Before he sends Rita away, she appoints Ventura a date at ten sharp.
The room gets filled by the chorus of contrabandists praising the night and valour. During the farewell dinner Camacho recommends Ventura to his friends as a captain of a ship that will take them away from Cádiz and the corregidor, this night at ten sharp. Somebody asks Ventura to make a toast, and he sings two couplets about enjoying the delights of life. The chorus catches up his words. After this, the serenade is heard from the outside. Everybody rises intending to go to the boat, and Ventura manages to hide in an adjoint room. A man knocks at the door. It is corregidor: Camacho invited him to give information about the contrabandists. The chorus leaves through a secret door, and the host presents the corregidor with a document. The magistrate triumphs believing he will catch the contradandists now. Camacho's plan worked out well: while his friends are already safe in the sea, he is clear of any suspicion.
The clock strikes ten, and Ventura comes out of another room. The corregidor asks who is it, Camacho answers he had never seen him before. Ventura hopes to relief himself from this situation with the serenade, that used to help him already twice. But this time it turns a disaster: the corregidor recognizes the contrabandists' signal and orders two alguaciles to bring some soldiers to take Ventura to the prison. The latter understands nothing, but after the corregidor tells him about the contradandists, he shows the pass given to him by the same magistrate some hours before. The soldiers come with a crowd of people. Ventura forces Camacho to tell everyone he is Rita's fiancé, threatening him with the story of this night he is able to tell the corregidor. The magistrate resigns himself from the girl and puts the hands of the young together.
The opera consists of a Prelude and 12 scenes. The notable music numbers are the prelude, the zortzico of Ventura (scene 2), the chorus's serenade (scene 3), the two-partite air (Romance and waltz) sung by Rita (scene 6), and the trio (scene 8).

Alhassan Brimah
Alhassan Brimah (born 9 November 1937) is a Ghanaian boxer. He competed in the men's light middleweight event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.

2006 Budapest Grand Prix – Singles
Anna Smashnova was the defending champion and successfully defended her title, by defeating Lourdes Domínguez Lino 6–1, 6–3 in the final.

62-64 Argyle Place, Millers Point
62-64 Argyle Place, Millers Point is a heritage-listed terrace house located at 62-64 Argyle Place, in the inner city Sydney suburb of Millers Point in the City of Sydney local government area of New South Wales, Australia. The property was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
One part of a terrace pair built and in fairly intact exterior condition, presenting a significant facade to Argyle Place. A central park and a dominant church give Argyle Place the appearance of a typical London Square. Work on Argyle Place was commenced by Governor Macquarie however, this area was not fully formed until after cessation of quarrying at nearby rockface. First tenanted by the NSW Department of Housing in 1982.
Two storey mid-Victorian terrace constructed , decorative window surrounds to top floor. Cast iron lace and posts. Two bedrooms plus sleep-out. Storeys: Two; Construction: Paint finished rendered masonry with decorative window box ledges, and key stones above arched first floor windows. Corrugated galvanised iron roof, cast iron lace columns and ground floor balustrading. Style: Victorian Italianate.
The external condition of the property is good.
External: One cast iron column missing. Beaded timber end verandah wall has been removed. Last inspected: 19 February 1995.
As at 23 November 2000, this is a fine mid-Victorian terrace house, one of an unequal width in mostly original external condition. Building forms part of a significant streetscape element facing Argyle Place.
It is part of the Millers Point Conservation Area, an intact residential and maritime precinct. It contains residential buildings and civic spaces dating from the 1830's and is an important example of C19th adaptation of the landscape.
Terrace was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.

Alief Early College High School
Alief Early College High School (AECHS) is a magnet high school in Houston, Texas and a part of the Alief Independent School District, in conjunction with Houston Community College. It was scheduled to open in fall 2009, and 120 spaces were to be available for ninth grade students.
As part of the curriculum each student would take up to sixty credits at HCC during his/her high school career.
The permanent campus was scheduled to open around fall 2010, with a temporary facility used for the school's first year.

Abrie Schutte
Abrie Schutte (11 February 1937 – 5 July 2003) was a South African boxer. He competed in the men's light middleweight event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.

Nicolae Stoenescu
Nicolae Stoenescu (born 18 November 1938) is a Romanian boxer. He competed in the men's light middleweight event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.

46-48 Argyle Place, Millers Point
46-48 Argyle Place, Millers Point is a heritage-listed terrace house and now boarding house located at 46-48 Argyle Place, in the inner city Sydney suburb of Millers Point in the City of Sydney local government area of New South Wales, Australia. It was built during 1850. The property was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
Millers Point is one of the earliest areas of European settlement in Australia, and a focus for maritime activities. Argyle Place, a primitive version of a London Square, was commenced by Governor Macquarie but not fully formed until after quarrying of the adjacent rock face had ceased in about 1865. This building built as one residence, now two, divided to the right of centre. First tenanted by the NSW Department of Housing in 1983.
This Victorian Italianate terrace has three bedrooms. It has a corrigated iron roof over a first floor verandah. This two storey building has an asymetrical facade; it has a set of three windows in an arch at ground floor with decorative mouldings surrounding and a stone sill under; cast iron balustrades, gates and frieze along verandahs. The first floor has a french door to verandah with side lights and transom lights above. An entrance to the basement is arranged by a narrow stair from the front verandah. Storeys: Three; Construction: Painted stuccoed masonry walls, corrugated galvanised iron roof. Decorative cast iron friezes, balustrades. Painted timber joinery. Style: Victorian Italianate. Orientation: Overlooking Argyle Place.
The external condition of the property is good.
External: Minor only, window repairs, remove surface service lines, replace chimney pot, remove rear infil. - Last inspected:
As at 23 November 2000, this stone townhouse is an important streetscape element facing Argyle Place.
It is part of the Millers Point Conservation Area, an intact residential and maritime precinct. It contains residential buildings and civic spaces dating from the 1830's and is an important example of 19th century adaptation of the landscape.
Terraces was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.

Pedro Votta
Pedro Votta (born 7 July 1937) is a Uruguayan boxer. He competed in the men's light middleweight event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.

Niedersorpe
Niedersorpe is a locality in the municipality Schmallenberg in the High Sauerland District in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
The village has 227 inhabitants and lies in the east of the municipality of Schmallenberg at a height of around 432 m. The river Sorpe flows through the village. Niedersorpe borders on the villages of Holthausen, Rellmecke, Oberkirchen, Winkhausen and Gleidorf.
The first written document mentioning "Suropo" dates from 1072 in a charter from Grafschaft Abbey of bishop Anno of Cologne. The village used to belong to the municipality of Oberkirchen in Amt Schmallenberg until the end of 1974.

Diomede Cishahayo
Diomede Cishahayo (born 15 September 1965) is a retired Burundian runner.
He finished eighth in the 5000 metres at the 1989 Jeux de la Francophonie and competed in the 3000 metres at the 1991 World Indoor Championships without reaching the final. He competed, and finished lowly, at the 1991 World Cross Country Championships, the 1992 World Cross Country Championships and the 1993 World Half Marathon Championships.
His personal best times were 7:50.22 minutes in the 3000 metres, achieved in July 1991 in Rome; 13:41.6 minutes in the 5000 metres, achieved in July 1993 in San Giovanni Valdarno; and 28:14.80 minutes in the 10,000 metres, achieved in June 1996 in Domodossola. In the road races he had 1:01:43 hours in the half marathon, achieved in January 1997 in Marrakesh (a Burundian record; and 2:23:37 hours in the marathon, achieved in December 1999 in Assisi.

Vladica Nikolic
Vladica Nikolic (born 1 March 1992) is a Serbian rugby league who plays for Villeneuve XIII RLLG in the Elite One Championship He plays as a prop or as a second-row.
Nikolic and Villeneuve teammate Milos Calic were both signed from Serbian rugby league club Red Star.

Bas van Duivenbode
Bas van Duivenbode (11 March 1940 – 24 September 2015) was a Dutch boxer. He competed in the men's light middleweight event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.

Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya, Middle Andaman
Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya, Middle Andaman or locally known as JNV Panchawati is a boarding, co-educational school in North and Middle Andaman district of Andaman and Nicobar Islands, a U.T. in India. JNV Panchawati is funded by the Indian Ministry of Human Resources Development and administered by Navodaya Vidyalaya Smiti, an autonomous body under the ministry. Navodaya Vidyalayas offer free education to talented children, from Class VI to XII. 
This school was established in 1987, and is a part of Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya schools. Initially school was located in temporary premises at Bloomsdale, Chauldhari, south Andaman. In 1996-1997 the school was shifted to permanent campus at Panchawati Village, Rangat taluk, Middle Andaman. This school is administered and monitored by Hyderabad regional office of Navodaya Vidyalaya Smiti. 
Admission to JNV Middle Andaman at class VI level is made through nationwide selection test conducted by Navodaya Vidyalaya Smiti. The information about test is disseminated and advertised in district by the office of North and Middle Andaman district magistrate (Collector), who is also the chairperson of school Vidyalya Management Committee (VMC).
JNV Middle Andaman is affiliated to Central Board of Secondary Education with affiliation number 2540002.

Air Asia Zest flight 272
<nowiki></nowiki>
AirAsia Zest Flight PQ-272 (ICAO:APG 272 CALLSIGN:RED CAP 272) is a Regular Passenger flight in the Philippines from Ninoy Aquino International Airport to Kalibo International Airport.
An Airbus A320-216 operating AirAsia Zest flight 272, Overshoots runway attempting to land at Kalibo International Airport in Kalibo, Panay. crash occurred at December 30, 2018. three of the plane's tires remained stuck in the mud. 
Passengers were forced to evacuate the aircraft using emergency slides.
Luckily no Fatalities and Injuries happened during the crash. All Passengers and crew Survived the Crash and Evacuated safely.

Michael Reid (boxer)
Michael Reid (born 3 July 1938) is an Irish boxer. He competed in the men's light middleweight event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.

David Tejada
David Alejandro Tejada de Rivero (February 27, 1929 – November 4, 2018) was a Peruvian physician, surgeon, public health advocate and government official. Tejada served as a Deputy Director General of the World Health Organization from 1974 until 1985. He then served as Minister of Health of Peru from 1985 until 1987 and again from May 1989 to October 1989 during the administration of President Alan García. He is the only Peruvian doctor to be honored and recognized as a "hero of public health in the Americas" by the Pan American Health Organization (PAHO).
Tejada was born in Arequipa, Peru, in 1929 to David Tejada Mercado and María de Rivero. He graduated as a surgeon from the Faculty of Medicine of the National University of San Marcos. In 1957, Tejada received a master's in public health from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in the United States.
Tejada died in Lima on November 4, 2018, at the age of 89. His survivors included his grandson, former Congressman . 

Milos Calic
Milos Calic (born 31 August 1992) is a Serbian rugby league who plays for Villeneuve XIII RLLG in the Elite One Championship He plays as a second-row.
Calic and Villeneuve teammate Vladica Nikolic were both signed from Serbian rugby league club Red Star.

Dragoslav Jakovljević
Dragoslav Jakovljević (born 4 May 1932) is a Serbian boxer. He competed in the men's light middleweight event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.

Alfred's Terrace
Alfred's Terrace is a heritage-listed residence located at 37-47 Kent Street, in the inner city Sydney suburb of Millers Point in the City of Sydney local government area of New South Wales, Australia. The property was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
Millers Point is one of the earliest areas of European settlement in Australia, and a focus for maritime activities. This site was vacant in 1862 and these six terraces were constructed before 1865. They remain largely intact. First tenanted by the NSW Department of Housing in 1986.
Georgian style mid-Victorian face sandstone terrace in good condition. Also, the terraces feature slate roofs, basements, a projecting parapet cornice and 12 pane windows. This residence has three bedrooms. Storeys: Two; Construction: Face stone walls painted, rendered masonry parapet string course. Slate roof, painted brick chimney. Painted timber roof. Style: Victorian Georgian
Constructed , the subject site contains six two-storey (three level including basement/lower ground level) Georgian style mid-Victorian terraces with baldface sandstone facades, consisting of a fine sparrow pecked and margined stone finish and slate roof concealed behind the painted parapet.
The principal faades of the six terraces are identical and are unpainted sandstone, each with a projecting mould and parapet cornice. A sandstone projection mould is located above each of the rectangular fanlights above the four panelled timber door of each terrace. Each terrace comprises two windows to the first floor and the front door and one window to the ground floor in a repetitive configuration. All windows are double hung with six panes per sash and have projecting sills supported by brackets. Rainwater heads and downpipes are also located at even spacing every second terrace servicing the shared box gutter behind the parapet.
The rear elevation of each terrace on the subject site is constructed of painted sandstone to the lower ground level and painted brickwork to the ground and first floor. The rear elevation consists of a single window to the lower ground floor, ground and first floor. All the windows on each terrace are painted timber, double hung and include projecting sandstone sills. Most windows are reproduction 1980s. Each terrace includes a late 1980s / early 1990s weatherboard wing to the lower ground floor with a barrel vaulted roof in corrugated iron. Each wing features double hung windows to the access pathway and one to the rear. The party walls to the north and south are shared with adjoining terraces. Number 47, the southernmost terrace in the group, shares a south party wall with number 49, which is part of a separate terrace group 49-51 Kent Street. The Captain Cook Hotel is constructed butting up to 37 Kent Street at the north. The rear of each property has a small yard and fence to the rear lane (High Street) with pedestrian access. The site area of each is similar and approximately 100 square meters.
The external condition of the property is good.
As at 6 December 2000, this is a group of six two-storey Georgian style, mid Victorian face sandstone terraces, in mostly intact condition.
It is part of the Millers Point Conservation Area, an intact residential and maritime precinct. It contains residential buildings and civic spaces dating from the 1830's and is an important example of C19th adaptation of the landscape.
Alfred's Terrace (37-47 Kent Street) has significance at the state level for its historic, aesthetic and representative values and at the local level for its associative and social values and for its research potential. The terraces and components are of individual significance and also contribute to the significance of the group as a collective row.
The subject site has historic, aesthetic and representative significance as a fine and relatively intact example of a row of mid Victorian Georgian style terraces with a sandstone faade constructed . The place is a significant streetscape element, its scale and design demonstrates the early development of Kent Street as a residential neighbourhood in the mid to late nineteenth century that occurred alongside the growth of the maritime industry at Millers Point. The design of the terrace is typical within Millers Point as it responds to the stepping sandstone topography of the peninsula with its principal frontage to Kent Street and sub level basement stepping down to High Lane at the rear.
It is part of the state heritage significant Millers Point Conservation Area, which is a rare and intact residential and maritime precinct. It contains residential buildings and civic spaces dating from the 1830's and is an important example of c19th century adaptation of the landscape for maritime activities.
Alfred's Terrace has associative significance for its association with prominent Sydney residents George Wigram Allen (prominent solicitor, politician, and philanthropist) and W. P. Manning (four times Mayor of Sydney and member of the Legislative Assembly).
Millers Point and the subject site has social significance as a former working class maritime neighbourhood from around 1900 to the immediate post war years (1950s) and for the provision of social housing by the Department of Housing from the 1980s. The later 1980s period reflects the ongoing provision of low cost accommodation but was increasingly introducing new residents with no local or familial connections to the area which had already been declining from the 1950s.
There is medium to high potential for the terraces to contain under floor and rear yard archaeological deposits. Archaeological deposits in the rear yards are likely to be largely intact
Alfred's Terrace was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999 having satisfied the following criteria.
The place is important in demonstrating the course, or pattern, of cultural or natural history in New South Wales.
The subject site has historical significance at a local and state level as representative row of Georgian style, mid Victorian terraces constructed , commissioned by prominent solicitor George Wigram Allen. The erection of the terrace row reflects the significant development of the area to house the local maritime workforce.
The place has a strong or special association with a person, or group of persons, of importance of cultural or natural history of New South Wales's history.
The subject site has associative significance at a local level for its association with George Wigram Allen, a prominent solicitor, politician, and philanthropist who commissioned the construction of the terraces. The terrace is also of significance for its association with subsequent owner, W. P. Manning Chairman of the Australian Bank of Commerce and four times Mayor of Sydney and a member of the Legislative Assembly.
The place is important in demonstrating aesthetic characteristics and/or a high degree of creative or technical achievement in New South Wales.
The subject terrace row has aesthetic significance at the local and state level as a fine example of a Georgian style mid Victorian terrace row which is characteristic of the local area. The group retains its principal façades and overall form albeit with some sympathetic replacement of joinery which is not detrimental to significance. The design of the terrace row is typical within Millers Point as it responds to the stepping sandstone topography of the peninsula with its principal frontage to Kent Street and sub level basement stepping down to High Lane at the rear. The terraces and components are of individual significance and also contribute to the significance of the group as a collective row.
The place has a strong or special association with a particular community or cultural group in New South Wales for social, cultural or spiritual reasons.
The Millers Point residential precinct is one of the oldest residential precincts in the country and has a long and varied history of European settlement and occupants. Millers Point's earliest European occupants from were a mixture of its waterside workforce and merchants, politicians, businessmen and professionals. Post the resumptions of the Darling Harbour Wharves Resumption Act in 1900 many of the properties in Millers Point were at some stage utilized as boarding houses, however documentary and physical evidence suggests the subject terraces remained single occupancy dwellings as per their original use.
Progressively from 1983 to 1986 management was transferred to the NSW Department of Housing and the occupation of previous tenants with their link to maritime uses decreased.
Millers Point and the subject site has social significance as a former working class maritime neighbourhood from around 1900 to the immediate post war years (1950s). The use of Millers Point for the provision of social housing by the DoH from the 1980s reflected the ongoing provision of low cost accommodation but increasingly introduced new residents with no local or familial connections to the area. New occupancy in Millers Point was thus increasing the disconnection from the local areas long term tenants and maritime workers housing and association with the Walsh Bay wharfs which had already been declining from the 1950s.
The place has potential to yield information that will contribute to an understanding of the cultural or natural history of New South Wales.
The group has research potential at a local level. Based on the results of previous archaeological investigations in the area over the past 20 years and the development of the subject site, there is medium to high potential for the terraces to contain under floor and rear yard archaeological deposits. Under floor deposits may be disturbed by previous works such as re-flooring and new rear wings. The archaeological deposits in the rear yards are likely to be largely intact.
The place possesses uncommon, rare or endangered aspects of the cultural or natural history of New South Wales.
The subject site is a representative row of Georgian style, mid Victorian terraces constructed , which is represented throughout the Millers Point and The Rocks and the City of Sydney local government area more broadly (eg. Darlinghurst).
The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a class of cultural or natural places/environments in New South Wales.
The terrace group has representative significance at a local and state level as a characteristic mid to late Victorian Georgian style terrace row of high integrity. The terraces and components are of individual significance and also contribute to the representative significance of the group as a collective row.

Cheryl Rockman-Greenberg
Dr. Cheryl Rockman-Greenberg (born September 26, 1950) is a Canadian physician and educator. She was inducted into the Canadian Medical Hall of Fame in 2018.
She was born in Montreal and received a MDCM from McGill University in 1974. In 1979, she began work as a clinical and metabolic geneticist for the Winnipeg Regional Health Authority. She was director of the Metabolic Service in the Program of Genetics and Metabolism there from 1992 to 2015. From 2004 to 2014, she was head of the Department of Pediatrics and Child Health at the University of Manitoba and Medical Director for the Child Health Program at the Winnipeg Regional Health Authority. She is a clinician scientist at the Children's Hospital Research Institute of Manitoba and holds the title of Distinguished Professor at the University of Manitoba.
Dr. Rockman-Greenberg is the leading Canadian researcher in the treatment of hypophosphatasia. She also developed targeted DNA-based screening programs for newborns in Manitoba for a number of rare conditions including glutaric aciduria type 1 in the Oji-Cree and carnitine palmitoyltransferase I deficiency in Hutterites; these screening programs were aimed at groups with higher incidence of these conditions than the general population.
In 2012, she was named one of the Top 100 Most Powerful Women in Canada by the Toronto-based Women's Executive Network.

2004-05 Cupa României (women's football)
The 2004-05 Cupa României was the 2nd annual Romanian women's football knockout tournaments. 

Nickson Borana
Nickson Borana (born 30 January 1996) is a Papua New Guinean rugby league player who plays for Villeneuve XIII RLLG in the Elite One Championship He plays as a second-row.
Borana previously played for the Papua New Guinea Hunters in the Queensland Cup.

49-51 Kent Street, Millers Point
49-51 Kent Street, Millers Point is a heritage-listed residence located at 49-51 Kent Street, in the inner city Sydney suburb of Millers Point in the City of Sydney local government area of New South Wales, Australia. It was built from 1855 to 1862. The property was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
Millers Point is one of the earliest areas of European settlement in Australia, and a focus for maritime activities. This site was vacant in 1854 and these terraces were shown on a map . They remain largely intact.
Georgian style mid-Victorian face sandstone terrace in good condition. This residence has five bedrooms. Features of the terrace include attics with dormers, an arched passageway between dwellings, stone parapets and 12 pane windows. Storeys: Two; Construction: Face stone walls painted, rendered masonry parapet string course. Slate roof, painted brick chimney. Painted timber roof. Style: Victorian Georgian.
The external condition of the building is good.
As at 20 August 2015, this residence is one of a two large mid Victorian, face sandstone terraces in mostly intact condition.
It is part of the Millers Point Conservation Area, an intact residential and maritime precinct. It contains residential buildings and civic spaces dating from the 1830's and is an important example of C19th adaptation of the landscape.
49-51 Kent Street, Millers Point was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.

Brian van Niekerk
Brian van Niekerk (born 10 January 1933) is a South African boxer. He competed in the men's light middleweight event at the 1960 Summer Olympics, representing Rhodesia.

Hélio Crescêncio
Hélio Crescêncio (born 2 January 1933) is a Brazilian boxer. He competed in the men's light middleweight event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.

Lakhbir Singh Lodhinangal
In 2017 he defeated Ashwani Sekhri of Indian National Congress with the margin of 485 votes.
He served Sarpanch of his village for 30 years. Then for first time he elected from Qadian in 2007 and then from Batala in 2017. He lost from Ashwani Sekhri in 2012 election.

P.V.S.N Murthy
He completed his Bachelor in Science ( B.Sc) in Mathematics from Nagarjuna University ( 1990) and M.Sc in Applied Mathematics from the University of Hyderabad( in 1992).HE obtained his Ph.d in Mathematics from IIT, Kanpur in 1997.

Leif Hansen (Danish boxer)
Leif Hansen (born 5 June 1934) is a Danish boxer. He competed in the men's light middleweight event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.

Greta Thunberg
Greta Thunberg (born 3 January 2003) is a Swedish climate activist. She is known for her strike outside the Riksdag under the slogan "School Strike for the climate".
Greta Thunberg was born on 3 January 2003 to Swedish opera singer Malena Ernman and actor Svante Thunberg. She has been diagnosed with Asperger syndrome.

Olomouc astronomical clock
The Olomouc Astronomical Clock () is part of the northern wall of the town hall of Olomouc, Czech Republic. The astronomical clock was built the 15th century and has been reconstructed several times. The current appearance is from 1955 in the socialist realism style. It is one of the few heliocentric clocks in the world.
The clock is located on the Northeastern facade of the town hall, the arched alcove is approximately 14 meters high. The lower dial represents the earthly sphere and indicates minute, hour, day, month, year and phase of the moon. The calendar at the bottom of the clock indicates the Czech name days and important days of the Communist regime, such as the birthdays of Stalin and Gottwald. The upper dial represents the heavenly sphere and shows a star map, the sun, earth and planets against a background of the twelve houses of the zodiac.
Noon is announced by a brass cockrel, and animated figurines of various proletariat figures who scroll past the windows of the clock for seven minutes. Professions represented include a miner, baker, clerk, volleyball player, auto mechanic and factory worker.
The main facade is surrounded by a mosaic depicting the Ride of the Kings and a "procession of maidens" (above), a worker holding a wrench (left), and a chemist holding a flask (right). Around the perimeter of the alcove there are mosaic allegorical representations of the twelve seasons and two traditional festivals. There are sixteen bells that were cast by P. Hilzer in 1898. According to the original design, the carillon was to play The Internationale, but now plays three folksongs instead: "Daleká, šeroká cesta přes Holomóc", "Vrbe jož se zelenajó", and "Za Náměšťó na kopečko hádajó se o děvečko". 
The first "undisputed" mention of the clock is from 1519 but according to tradition, it was built between 1419 and 1422. Local legend claims that the astronomer was blinded so that he could not build a similar work in another city. 
The clock has been rebuilt several times during its history and equipped with various moving figurines, including St. Václav, St. George on his horse and the dragon, and Three kings on their camels. In 1800, the clock stopped for eleven years, then after temporary repairs stood still again until 1898. The oldest parts of the current clock are from that year, when the clock was equipped with a heliocentric dial by Eduard Korfhage. In 1926 it was decorated by prominent artist Jano Kohlerem. The clock was damaged by a grenade in May 1945, in the final days of the Second World War, by soldiers from the the retreating Nazi German army passing through Olomouc. Fragments from that version are now kept in the city museum. It was returned to its original form in 1926, but was completely rebuilt in 1955 by Karel Svolinský in the Socialist realism style. The ceremonial commissioning, in the presence of communist leaders, took place on May 9, 1955. 
The clock was featured in the opening scenes of the 1969 Czech film "The Joke" based on the book by Milan Kundera.

House of Bodleigh
The House of Bodleigh is a heritage-listed former hall and now offices located at 24-26 Kent Street, in the inner city Sydney suburb of Millers Point in the City of Sydney local government area of New South Wales, Australia. It is also known as Rawson Hall. The property was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
Millers Point is one of the earliest areas of European settlement in Australia, and a focus for maritime activities. Building constructed on vacant land between rows of 1860s terrace housing.
Two-storey face brick Federation building used as offices. Arched entry to doorway, fanlights over lower door and windows. Roof concealing pediment. Storeys: Two; Construction: Brick and stone walls, corrugated galvanised iron roof. Style: Federation.
The external condition of the property is good.
External: Painted brick on top storey. Fenestration changed. Last inspected: 21 February 1995. Internal: Possible important interiors concealed by later infill. Interesting interior joinery.
As at 23 November 2000, this is an interesting two storey brick building, former hall now used as offices, strong brick and stone character presenting solidly to the street.
It is part of the Millers Point Conservation Area, an intact residential and maritime precinct. It contains residential buildings and civic spaces dating from the 1830's and is an important example of C19th adaptation of the landscape.
House of Bodleigh was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.

2005-06 Cupa României (women's football)
The 2005-06 Cupa României was the 3rd annual Romanian women's football knockout tournaments. 

Bharatendu Nath Srivastava
He completed his Masters in psychology from Lucknow University in 1974 and obtained his Ph.d (Organizational Behaviour) in 1979.

6-8 Argyle Place, Millers Point
6-8 Argyle Place, Millers Point is a heritage-listed residential accommodation and commercial building located at 6-8 Argyle Place, in the inner city Sydney suburb of Millers Point in the City of Sydney local government area of New South Wales, Australia. The property was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
Millers Point is one of the earliest areas of European settlement in Australia, and a focus for maritime activities. Argyle Place, a primitive version of a London Square, was commenced by Governor Macquarie but not fully formed until after quarrying of the adjacent rock face had ceased in about 1865. A significant streetscape element, this Edwardian commercial/residential group mostly intact, forms an interesting corner at the end of Argyle Place. First tenanted by the NSW Department of Housing in 1986.
One of a row of terraces, commercial on ground floor with residential space over. Built in the Federation style, important streetscape element. Storeys: Two; Construction: Face brick and rendered masonry walls with slate roof. Painted timber joinery and trim. Style: Edwardian Orientation: Overlooking Argyle Place.
The external condition of the property is good.
External: Shop fronts altered, windows altered, verandahs infilled, brick work painted, services added. - Last inspected: 19/02/95
As at 23 November 2000, this building is one of a group of five post-plague Edwardian commercial and residential properties, which are very important to the streetscape of Millers Point.
It is part of the Millers Point Conservation Area, an intact residential and maritime precinct. It contains residential buildings and civic spaces dating from the 1830's and is an important example of C19th adaptation of the landscape.
6-8 Argyle Place, Millers Point was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.

Shyama Surgical Sansthan
Shyama Surgical Sansthan is a hospital located in Darbhanga, Bihar, India.

2006-07 Cupa României (women's football)
The 2006-07 Cupa României was the 4th annual Romanian women's football knockout tournaments. 

Damir Ismagulov
Damir Ismagulov (; born February 3, 1991) is a Russian mixed martial artist of Kazakh heritage, who is currently fighting in the Lightweight division for the Ultimate Fighting Championship. 
Former M-1 Global champion.
Ismagulov was born February 3, 1991 in Orenburg, in the Sunni Muslim family of Kazakh descent. He started train boxing and hand-to-hand combat in primary school.
Ismagulov was M-1 global lightweight champion after beating Maxim Divnich in the title bout. After 3 Defended M-1 Lightweight Championship he signed a contract with the UFC.
Ismagulov will make his debut in the UFC on December 2, 2018 at against Alex Gorgees of Australia.
=See also==

Nepal at major beauty pageants
This is a list of Nepal's representatives and their placements at the Big Four international beauty pageants, considered the most important in the world. The country has not yet win any crown:
<br>
× "Did not compete"<br>
↑ "No pageant held"

Osborne House, Millers Point
Osborne House is a heritage-listed former residence and now commercial building located at 34 Argyle Place, in the inner city Sydney suburb of Millers Point in the City of Sydney local government area of New South Wales, Australia. The property was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
Millers Point is one of the earliest areas of European settlement in Australia, and a focus for maritime activities. Argyle Place, a primitive version of a London Square, was commenced by Governor Macquarie but not fully formed until after quarrying of the adjacent rock face had ceased in about 1865. First tenanted by the NSW Department of Housing in 1982.
In December 2004 the house sold for 1.875 million.
Osborne House is a Old Colonial Regency style painted stuccoed stone townhouse with Greek revival detailing to door, window openings and parapet mouldings. Carriageway at eastern end leads to stone flagged courtyard. All windows and fanlight are late Victorian. Storeys: 2 Construction: Painted stucco on masonry walls, corrugated iron roofing, painted timber joinery. Greek revival facade detailing in paint finish. Style: Old Colonial Regency. Orientation: Overlooking Argyle Place.
The external condition of the property is good.
External: Evidence carriageway was originally arched. Last inspected: 19 February 1995.
As at 23 November 2000, this early 19th century Regency style brick townhouse is an important streetscape element facing Argyle Place.
It is part of the Millers Point Conservation Area, an intact residential and maritime precinct. It contains residential buildings and civic spaces dating from the 1830's and is an important example of 19th century adaptation of the landscape.
Osborne House was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.

